# 2021-09-03
## vocabulary
### imitate
v. to behave in a similar way to someone or something else, or to copy the speech or behaviour, etc. of someone or something.

- Some of the younger pop bands try to imitate their musical heroes from the past.
- They produce artificial chemicals which exactly imitate particular natural ones.
- My four-year-old daughter is always trying to imitate her older sister.
- He imitated her accent perfectly.

### mimic
past tense mimicked
past participle mimicked
gerund mimicking

1. v. to copy the way in which a particular person usually speaks and moves, usually in order to make people laugh.
  - She was mimicking the various people in our office.
2. v. To mimic is also to have the same or similar effect as something else:
  - This substance mimics **calcium([ˈkælsiəm])** and can replace it in bones.
3. n. a person who can copy the sounds or movements of other people.
  - She's a fantastic mimic.

#### mimicry
n. mimicry [ˈmɪmɪkri]

- The mockingbird is known for its mimicry of other birds.

### impression
1. n. (opinion) an idea or opinion of what something or someone is like
  - I didn't get much of an impression of the place because it was dark when we drove through it.
  - What was your impression of Charlotte's husband?
  - I don't tend to trust first impressions (= the opinion you form when you meet someone or see something for the first time).
  - When I first met him I got/had the impression that he was a shy sort of person.

2. n. (effect) the way that something seems, looks, or feels to a particular person.
  - It makes/gives/creates a very bad impression if you're late for an interview.
  - He likes to give the impression (that) he's terribly popular and has lots of friends.

3. n. (copy) an attempt at copying another person's manner and speech, etc., especially in order to make people laugh.
  - She does a really good impression of the president.

#### be under the impression
to think that something is true, especially when it is not.

- I was under the impression (that) you didn't get on too well.
- He was under the mistaken (= false) impression (that) you were married.

### drain
[dreɪn]
1. v. (remove liquid) If you drain something, you remove the liquid from it, usually by pouring it away or allowing it to flow away, and if something drains, liquid flows away or out of it.
  - Drain the pasta thoroughly.
  - We drained the pond and filled it with fresh water.
  - Drain (off) any liquid that is left in the rice.
  - Don't bother drying the pans - just leave them to drain.
2. v. to make someone very tired.
  - The long journey completely drained me.
3. v. to reduce or cause something to reduce.
  - The long war had drained the resources of both countries.
  - War drains a nation of its youth and its wealth (= uses them until they are gone).
4. v. If the blood/colour drains from your face, or if your face drains (of blood/colour), you turn very pale, often because you are shocked or ill.
  - The colour drained from his face/cheeks when they told him the results.
5. n. a pipe or channel that is used to carry away waste matter and water from a building, or an opening in the road that rain water can flow down.
  - I think the kitchen drain is blocked.
  - She accidentally dropped her ring down a drain in the road.
6. n. a hole in a bath, sink, etc. through which water flows away and into which you can put a plug

#### drained
very tired.
- You look completely drained - why don't you go to bed?
- It was one of those movies that leaves you emotionally drained.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics
