# 2021-09-06
## vocabulary
### tear
v. [ter]
n. [tɪr]
past tense tore [tɔr] 
past participle torn [tɔrn]
adj. teary
1. v. [ter] to pull or be pulled apart, or to pull pieces off.
  - You have to be very careful with books this old because the paper tears very easily.
  - I tore my skirt on the chair as I stood up.
  - A couple of pages had been torn out of/from the book.
2. v. [ter] infml to move very quickly.
  - He went tearing along the road after the bus.
3. n. [ter] a hole or opening in something that is made by pulling apart or away from something else:
  - There’s a tear in the lining of my coat
3. n. [tɪr] a drop of salty liquid that flows from the eye, as a result of strong emotion, especially unhappiness, or pain.
  - tears of **remorse([rɪˈmɔrs])**/regret/happiness/joy/laughter
  - Did you notice the tears in his eyes when he talked about Diane?
  - Why do arguments with you always reduce me to tears (= make me cry)?
  - I won't **shed([ʃed])** (any) tears (= I will not be unhappy) when he goes, I can tell you!

relates:
- burst into tears
- in tears: I found him in tears in his bedroom.

#### tear up (phrasal verb)
1. to get tears in your eyes, so that you almost start to cry, because you are experiencing strong emotion.
- She teared([tɪr]) up as the award was presented to her.

2. to tear paper into a lot of small pieces.
- He tore the letter up and threw it away.
- I tore up all the photos of my old boyfriend.

### remorse
[rɪˈmɔrs]
a feeling of sadness and being sorry for something you have done.
- He felt no remorse for the murders he had committed.
- After the argument, she was filled with remorse.

relates:
- remorseful adj.
  I’m still remorseful for having broken it.
- remorseless adj
  a remorseless **tyrant([ˈtaɪrənt])**

### shed
[ʃed]
gerund shedding
past tense shed
past participle shed

1. n. a small building usually used for storage or shelter.
  - a tool/storage shed
  - a garden/bicycle shed
  - the lambing shed
  - a cow shed
  - The lawn mower is kept in the shed.
2. v. to get rid of something.
  - As the day warmed up, she shed her sweater.
3. v. to lose hair, leaves, or skin, or to cause hair, skin, or leaves to drop.
  - My cat shed all over the couch.
  - By November, the trees had shed their leaves.
4. v. to make blood or tears flow.
  - He didn’t shed one tear when his old car was stolen.
5. v. to release a virus or bacterium from a cell or body into the environment where it can infect other people.

#### shed light on sth (idiom)
to provide information about something or to make something easier to understand.
- Tracking technologies have shed light on the birds' social nature.
- He was never able to shed light on how an average kid from upstate New York came to commit the worst act of domestic terrorism in history.

### portray
[pɔrˈtreɪ]
v. to represent or describe someone or something in a painting, film, book, or other artistic work.
- The painting portrays a beautiful young woman in a blue dress.
- The writer portrays life in a small village at the turn of the century.
- The book portrayed him as somebody who was uncaring, even **bigoted([ˈbɪɡət])**.
- The writer portrays life in a working-class community at the turn of the century.
- Michael Douglas portrays the president of the United States.

relates:
- n. portrayal [pɔrˈtreɪəl]
  A lot of people felt the film wasn’t quite an accurate portrayal.

#### portray sb as sth
If a person in a film, book, etc. is portrayed as a particular type of character, they are represented in that way:
- The father in the film is portrayed as a fairly unpleasant character.

### bigot
[ˈbɪɡət]
a person who has strong, unreasonable beliefs and who does not like other people who have different beliefs or a different way of life.

- a religious bigot
- He was known to be a loud-mouthed, **opinionated([əˈpɪnjəˌneɪtəd])** bigot.
- Some of the townspeople are bigots who call foreigners terrible names.

### moist
adj.
[mɔɪst]
slightly wet, especially in a good way.
- Keep the soil in the pot moist, but not too wet.
- This cake is nice and moist!

relates:
- n. moistness
- v. moisten e.g. Moisten the shirts before ironing.
- damp (synonym) slightly wet, especially in a way that is not pleasant or comfortable.
- humid [ˈhjumɪd]

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## sentences
- Are you on any kind of therapy? 
- Do you have to take any medication/pills?
