# 2021-09-15
## vocabulary
### stereotypical
[ˌsteriəˈtɪpɪk(ə)l]
with the qualities that people usually expect of a particular type of person or thing, although this idea may be wrong

First occurrence:
- Yet another movie with a stereotypical female character. 

e.g.
- Customers are tired of the stereotypical, fast-talking salesperson.
- In spite of its predictable plot and stereotypical characters, the book is a good read.
- She believes many girls are getting poor careers advice, which restricts them to stereotypical female jobs.
- Managers need to leave behind their stereotypical ideas about women.
- If you think of an IT guy, the usual image that comes to mind is one associated with the stereotypical "geek".
- The image of people moving to the country as high-income, middle-class commuters or wealthy retired people is stereotypical.

### constellation
[ˌkɑnstəˈleɪʃ(ə)n]
1. any of the groups of stars in the sky that seem from earth to form a pattern and have been given names

e.g.

2. a group of famous or admired people all together in one place:

e.g.
- At our annual ceremony we had a whole constellation of movie stars and directors.

### astrology
the ancient practice of studying the movements and positions of the sun, moon, planets, and stars in the belief that they influence human behavior

e.g.
- Western astrology
- Unlike astronomy, astrology cannot be described as an exact science.
- In astrology, a person's personality is supposed to relate to which star sign they were born under.
- He really believes that, through astrology, you can predict what will happen to you.
- She's one of those people who believes in astrology and reads her horoscope every day.
- The author uses astrology to show you how to exploit your potential in every area of life.

### finale
[fɪˈnɑli]
the last part of especially a musical or theatre performance, especially when this is very exciting or emotional

e.g.
- All the dancers come on stage during the grand finale.
- She sung a very difficult song for the finale.
- the finale to the festivities was a grand display of fireworks

## phrasal verb

## collocation


## phrase

## idoms
### on the edge of one's seat
If you say that someone is on the edge of their seat or chair, you mean that they are very interested in what is happening or what is going to happen.

e.g.
- The story was gripping and it kept me on the edge of my seat.
- This enjoyable action-adventure sequel will have you on the edge of your seat!
- The excitement of the finale had you on the edge of your seat.
- They were both playing amazing tennis. Everyone was on the edge of their seats the entire time.

## slang

## chinese to english
- 哑巴 mute
- 聋子 deaf

## vesus

## topics
