# 2021-09-07
## vocabulary
### pickpocket
1. n. a thief who steals things out of pockets or bags, especially in a crowd
2. v. to steal things out of people's pockets or bags, especially in a crowd:
  - Someone pickpocketed my wallet.
  - He was pickpocketed at the carnival.

### cringe
[krɪndʒ]
1. v. to suddenly move away from someone or something because you are frightened
  - He cringes every time he hears the dentist’s **drill([drɪl])**.
2. to feel very embarrassed.
  - I cringed at the sight of my dad dancing.

### bore
1. v. to talk or act in a way that makes someone lose interest.
  - "Am I boring you?" she asked anxiously.
2. v. to make a hole in something using a tool.
  - He used a drill to bore a hole in the wall.
  - The workmen bored through the rock.
3. n. someone who talks too much about boring subjects.
  - I had to sit next to Michael at dinner - he's such a bore.
4. n. an activity or situation that is annoying or unpleasant.
  - Ironing is such a bore.
  - It's an awful bore cooking a meal every night.
  - It's such a bore to have to write this out all over again.

#### bore sb silly
to make someone feel very bored.
- We were all bored silly by the play.

### vague
[veɪɡ]
1. not clearly stated, described, or explained, or not clearly seen or felt.
  - She had a vague feeling that something had gone terribly wrong.
  - I have only a vague memory of the house where I lived as a child.
2. A person who is vague is not able or does not wish to state, describe, or explain something clearly.
  - Officials were vague about the ship’s location.

### vaguely
adv.
I vaguely remembered having met her before.
"He's around somewhere," she said, **gesturing([ˈdʒestʃər])** vaguely.

### vagueness
n.
Given the vagueness of the directions, I think we did very well to find the place.

## phrasal verb
### come across
1. to behave in a way that makes people believe that you have a particular characteristic.
  - She comes across really well (= creates a positive image) on television.
  - He comes across as a bit of a **bore([bɔr])** in interview.
2. If an idea or emotion comes across in writing, film, music, or when someone is speaking, it is expressed clearly and people notice it.
  - What comes across in his later poetry is a great sense of sadness
3. to give other people a certain feeling or opinion:
  - He comes across as a bit of a bore.
  - We don't mean to be **vague**, but I know that's how it comes across.

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## sentences
