# 2021-09-09
## vocabulary
### delirious
[dɪ'lɪriəs]
1. unable to think or speak clearly because of fever or mental confusion

e.g.
- She had a high temperature and was delirious.
- He grew feverish and then delirious.

2. extremely happy or excited:
e.g.
- The team arrived home to a delirious reception from its fans.
- delirious with joy

### rabies
['reɪbiz]
a serious disease of the nervous system that can cause death. Rabies can be passed on to humans by other animals.
e.g.
- Dogs, cats, foxes, and bats can all carry rabies.

### censorship
1. the action of preventing part or the whole of a book, film, work of art, document, or other kind of communication from being seen or made available to the public, because it is considered to be offensive or harmful, or because it contains information that someone wishes to keep secret, often for political reasons

e.g.
- censorship of the press

2. 
the practice of censoring

e.g.
- Artists and critics accused him of censorship.

### hygiene
['haɪdʒin]
the practice or principles of keeping yourself and your environment clean in order to maintain health and prevent disease.

e.g.
- Poor standards of hygiene mean that the disease spreads fast.
- health and hygiene regulations
- dental/personal hygiene
- He doesn’t care much about personal hygiene.

## phrasal verb
### laid back
relaxed in manner and character; not usually worried about other people's behaviour or things that need to be done.

e.g.
- I've never seen her worried or anxious in any way - she's so laid-back.
- It’s a laid-back company – you can choose your own hours and the dress is very casual.

## collocation

## phrase
### descending into something
if a situation descends into a certain bad state, it becomes bad

Nouns frequently used as the object of descend into
- a very bad state: anarchy, chaos, madness, turmoil, violence, war
- a silly state: cliché, farce, parody

e.g.
- Filming descended into chaos after further arguments.
- They believed that the world was descending into chaos and wickedness.
- The final part of the story descends into farce and then fantasy.

## idoms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## sentences
