# 2021-08-14
## vocabulary
### ** paralysis **
[pəˈræləsɪs]
a condition in which you are unable to move all or part of your body because of illness or injury

e.g.
- Some nervous disorders can produce paralysis.

phrases:
- sleep paralysis: Sleep paralysis happens when you cannot move your muscles as you are waking up or falling asleep. This is because you are in sleep mode but your brain is active.

### cosmetic
[kɑz'metɪk]
1. substances that you put on your face or body that are intended to improve your appearance.

e.g.
- We sell a wide range of cosmetics and toiletries at a very reasonable price.
- Europe is the world's largest market for cosmetics.
- The cosmetics industry has remained strong during the recession.
- The popularity of cosmetic surgery continues to soar.

2. Cosmetic changes, etc. are intended to make you believe that something is better when, really, the problem has not been solved.

e.g.
- They were offered a few cosmetic improvements to their working conditions, but nothing of significance.
- We are committed to addressing the root causes of our problems rather than making only short-term cosmetic changes.

#### cosmetic surgery vs plastic surgery
Plastic surgery is primarily focused on reconstructing a part of the face or body to normal function and appearance; cosmetic surgery is only intended to improve appearance. At the end of the day, the purpose of the procedure is what ultimately determines whether it is cosmetic or plastic surgery.

### grasshopper
[ˈɡræsˌhɑpər]
a large insect with long back legs that can jump very high and makes a sharp, high noise using its back legs or wings

e.g.
- Kangaroos hop on two legs, while grasshoppers hop on six.
- The people in Oaxaca say that grasshoppers have a very good taste. 
- Then they put salt and other things on the cooked grasshoppers. 
- They also think grasshoppers are very good for their health.

### ** suffocating **
['sʌfə.keɪtɪŋ]
Something that is suffocating makes you feel uncomfortably hot or unable to breathe.

e.g.
- I've got to open the window - it's suffocating in here!
- suffocating smoke/fumes
- The book tells the story of a woman escaping from a suffocating marriage.
- It is a land of antiquated social rules and suffocating traditions.

### ** cactus **
[ˈkæktəs]
plural BR:cacti AM:cactuses
any of many types of desert plant usually with sharp spines and thick stems for storing water

e.g.
- Cacti and semi-tropical bushes mingled with brush on the rounded side hills.

### sour
[saʊr]
1. having a sharp, sometimes unpleasant, taste or smell, like a lemon, and not sweet

e.g.
- These plums are a bit sour.
- I love the sour taste of limes.

2. to become sour or to make something become sour:

e.g.
- Hot weather sours milk.
- Milk sours in hot weather.

3. unfriendly or easily annoyed:

e.g.
- Overnight, it seemed, their relationship had turned sour.
- She gave me a sour look.

4. to (cause to) become unpleasant or unfriendly.

e.g.
- Her whole attitude to life soured as a result of that experience.
- This incident has soured relations between the two countries.

### sore
[sɔr]

### remedy
[ˈremədi]
a successful way of curing an illness or dealing with a problem or difficulty:

- an effective herbal remedy for headaches
- The best remedy for grief is hard work.

### introvert
someone who is shy, quiet, and prefers to spend time alone rather than often being with other people

### extrovert
outgoing, an energetic([ˌenərˈdʒetɪk]) person who enjoys being with other people.

- Most sales people are extroverts.
- an extrovert personality.

### inferior
adj. n. inferior [ɪnˈfɪriər]
n. inferiority [ɪnˌfɪriˈɔrəti]
1. adj. not good, or not as good as someone or something else.

- These products are inferior to those we bought last year.
- She cited cases in which women had received inferior healthcare.
- It was clear the group were regarded as intellectually/morally/socially inferior.

2. someone who is considered to be less important than other people.

- He regarded most men as his social, moral, and intellectual inferiors.

phrases:
1. inferiority complex
a feeling that you are not as good, as intelligent, as attractive, etc. as other people

- He's always had an inferiority complex about his height.

## phrasal verb
### cave in
1. If a ceiling, roof, or other structure caves in, it breaks and falls into the space below.

- Because of the explosion, the roof of the building caved in, trapping several people.
- The building’s roof caved in under the weight of the snow.

2. to agree to demands that you originally opposed because you have become tired or frightened.

- She accused the university of caving in to political pressures.
- At first, they refused to sign the agreement, but they caved in when they heard another firm was being approached.

## phrase
### skin tone
the colour of the surface of someone's skin.

- This rich pink works really well with my skin tone.
- Your skin tone doesn't remain exactly the same throughout your life.

### jump scare
A jump scare is a technique often used in horror films and video games, intended to scare the audience by surprising them with an abrupt change in image or event, usually co-occurring with a loud, frightening sound. 

## idioms
### beauty is in the eye of the beholder
beauty doesn't exist on its own but is created by observers. used to express the fact that not all people have the same opinions about what is attractive.

## chinese to english
| Chinese | English | IPA |
| ----------  | ------------------- | -------------    |
| 异形 | alien                   |     |
| 阴天 | cloudy                 |  |
| 农村 | countryside                 |  |
| 摄影 | photography                 | [fə'tɑɡrəfi] |

## topics