# 2021-08-28
## vocabulary
### chill
(informal) relaxed

e.g.
- We're a lot more chill about this than our parents were.
- The bar has a pretty chill vibe and the service is great.

(slang) chilling
Spending time relaxing. Often shortened colloquially to "chillin'."

e.g.
- We're just chillin' and watching some TV, if you want to join us.
- Most of the trip was just chilling by the beach and eating great food. It was perfect!

### sorority
[səˈrɔrəti]
in the US, a social organization for female college students

- If your mom was here, she'd know exactly what to say. She'd be so excited you're going to her school, gonna join her sorority.

### fraternity, frat
[frəˈtɜrnəti]
a social organization for male students at an American or Canadian college

### allegation
a statement, made without giving proof, that someone has done something wrong or illegal.

- The allegations of corruption were not true.
- Several of her patients have made allegations of professional **misconduct** about/against her.
- Allegations that Mr Dwight was receiving money from known criminals have caused a scandal.

### stationary
adj.
not moving, or not changing.

- a stationary car/train
- The traffic got slower and slower until it was stationary.
- The rate of inflation has been stationary for several months.
- House prices have been stationary for months.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## conventional usage
### solid (before rating)
solid here means definate! i.e. "there is no doubt its a 8/10"

e.g.
- That girl is a solid 8/10!
- Wow, his dance moves are a solid 8/10!

## idioms
### (just/right) around the corner
1. very close to the place that you are
- There’s a **deli([ˈdeli])** around the corner.

2. A time or event that is just around the corner is coming very soon
- It's still cold today, but spring is just around the corner.
- There's a great restaurant just around the corner.
- I'm feeling a little depressed right now, but I'm sure good times are just around the corner.

### ring a bell
to sound familiar.

- The name rang a bell but I couldn't remember where I had heard it before.
- No, I'm sorry, that description doesn't ring any bells with me.

### bone of contention
something that two people or groups cannot agree about.

- Money is a common bone of contention in many marriages.

see also
- [in/out of contention](../2022-12/2022-12-8.md)

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics
