# 2021-08-06
## vocabulary

### intake
the amount of a particular substance that is eaten or drunk during a particular time

e.g.
- It says on the packet that four slices of this bread contains one half of your recommended daily intake of fibre.

the number of people that are accepted at a particular time by an organization, especially a college or university.

e.g.
- The college has increased its intake of students by 50 percent this year.

### herbal
['ɜrb(ə)l]
adj
relating to or made from herbs.

e.g.
- So, she said, there is still a need for more rigorous trials before any herbal product can be recommended for diabetes prevention.

### cabbage
a large, round vegetable with large green, white, or purple leaves that can be eaten cooked or uncooked

e.g.
- I like most vegetables but not cabbage.
- We have grown a lot of cabbages this year.
- We had corned beef and cabbage.

### ethnic
['eθnɪk]
adj
relating to a particular race of people.

e.g.
- Conflicts between the different ethnic groups in the country exploded into civil war.

### dye
n.
a natural or synthetic substance used to add a color to or change the color of something.

e.g.
- blonde hair dye

v.
add a color to or change the color of (something) by soaking it in a solution impregnated with a dye.

e.g.
- Hair coloring, or hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color. 
- I admire your golden fair, but our school stipulates that students are not allowed to dye hair.

## idioms
### only time will tell
used to say that the truth or a result will only be known in the future after events have happened.

e.g.
- Only time will tell whether we made the right decision.

### bad hair day
1. A day when one's hair is unruly and looks unkempt.
e.g.
I'm wearing a hat because I'm having a bad hair day, OK?

2. A bad day.
e.g.
- I'd avoid the boss if I were you—he must be having a bad hair day because he's screaming at everyone he sees.

## phrasal verb
### stick up for someone
(stick up for someone/something) to speak in support of a person or an idea, belief, or plan, especially when no one else will
e.g.
- Don’t worry, the family will stick up for you.
- It's sweet the way he sticks up for his little brother.
- I don’t need any help, thanks. I can stick up for myself.

### fall out with someone
to have an argument or disagreement that ends a relationship.
e.g.
- He left home after falling out with his parents.
- She'd fallen out with her boyfriend over his ex-girlfriend.
- The two fell out over coaching tactics a long time ago.

## topics
- [diet](../../vocabulary/diet.md)