# 2021-08-22
## vocabulary
### sprite
a fairy (= a small imaginary person with wings) especially one connected with water.

### pique
[pik] (Am)
to excite or cause interest.

e.g. 
- Labor law piqued his interest in law school.

### sentimental
A sentimental person is strongly influenced by emotional feelings, especially about happy memories of past events or relationships with other people, rather than by careful thought and judgment based on facts

e.g.
- Why be sentimental about that old coat? There's no point in keeping it just because you were wearing it when you first met me.
- It's a cheap ring but it has great sentimental value for me.

### contemplate
['kɑntəm.pleɪt]
to spend time considering a possible future action, or to consider one particular thing for a long time in a serious and quiet way

e.g. 
- he sat on the carpet contemplating his image in the mirrors
- I'm contemplating going abroad for a year.

### spontaneous
[spɑn'teɪniəs]
happening or done in a natural, often sudden way, without any planning or without being forced

e.g.
- His jokes seemed spontaneous, but were in fact carefully prepared beforehand.
- The audience broke into spontaneous applause

### bustling
[ˈbʌs(ə)lɪŋ]
If a place is bustling, it is full of busy activity.

e.g.
- This used to be a bustling town but a lot of people have moved away over recent years.
- The house, usually bustling with activity, was strangely silent.

### hindsight
['haɪn(d).saɪt]
the ability to understand an event or situation only after it has happened.

e.g.
- Mr.Cameron conceded that in hindsight it had been a mistake to hire Mr. Coulson.

## phrasal verb

## phrase
## pique your interest/curiosity
(Am) to make you feel interested in something or someone

e.g.
- She was hostile to him, which piqued his curiosity.

## second-guess
(Am) to criticize someone's actions or an event after it has happened, judge or criticize (someone) with hindsight.
e.g.
- Of course it's easy to second-guess the management of the election campaign, but I do think serious mistakes were made.

## idioms
### defeat the purpose
to make (something) pointless.

e.g.
- It would defeat the purpose of having a nice car if you never got to drive it.
- It doesn't help to second-guess their decision.

## take a turn
To change in condition or quality, especially quickly or suddenly.

e.g.
- We should get over to the hospital now—things have taken a turn, and Uncle Jim probably won't make it through the day.
- I know you had a miserable start to your day, but I bet it takes a turn before day's end—things are never bad forever.

## chinese to english

## topics
