# 2021-08-24
## vocabulary
### ebb
[eb]
1. When the sea or tide ebbs, it moves away from the coast and falls to a lower level.
2. If a physical or emotional feeling ebbs, it becomes less strong or disappears
  - He could feel his strength ebbing (away).


## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase
### make a will
A will or testament is a legal document that expresses a person's (testator) wishes as to how their property (estate) is to be distributed after their death and as to which person (executor) is to manage the property until its final distribution.

- If you don't make a will, then the distribution of what you possess when you die may not be as you would wish.
- Feeling himself **ebbing(ebb [eb])** away, the old man knew that his days were numbered and called for a lawyer to make a will.

### bad blood
feelings of hate between people because of arguments in the past.
- There has been bad blood between the two families for years

## idioms

## chinese to english

## vesus
### phrase vs collocations
> Phrases are strings of consecutive words. Some phrases (such as "a little while") are common, while others (such as "a diminuative while") are uncommon.
Collocations are words that commonly appear together. Diminuative and while are not collocations - even though the appear in the phrase that I wrote above - because they do not frequently appear together. Unlike phrases, collocations are not necessarily consecutive. For example, something is a collocate of bound because it frequently appears in common phrases such as "something is bound to come along" or "something is bound to turn up," but something and bound are not consecutive words in these phrases.

ref:
- https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-difference-between-phrases-and-collocations-in-English-language

## topics
