# 2021-08-26
## vocabulary
### equilibrium
[ˌekwɪˈlɪbriəm]
1. a state of balance
  - The disease destroys much of the inner ear, disturbing the animal's equilibrium.
  - the country's economic equilibrium
  - He devised a mathematical method to prove the existence of equilibrium among prices, production, and consumer demand.
2. a calm mental state
  - Yoga is said to restore one's inner equilibrium.
3. Chemical equilibrium
  the state in which the reactants (= substances involved in a chemical reaction) and products (= substances produced in a chemical reaction) do not change because the rate of forward reaction (= when products are produced from reactants) is equal to the rate of reverse reaction (= when the original reactants return from the products)

### confiscate
[ˈkɑnfɪˌskeɪt]
to take a possession away from someone when you have the right to do so, usually as a punishment and often for a limited period, after which it is returned to the owner.

- Miss Edwards confiscated my phone!
- His passport was confiscated by the police to prevent him from leaving the country.

### vanity
[ˈvænəti]
1. n. the fact that you are too interested in your appearance or achievements
  - He wants the job purely for reasons of vanity and ambition.
2. adj. used to describe something that is done with the aim of getting praise, fame, or approval rather than for serious or good reasons.
  - The new bridge was quickly condemned as a "pointless vanity project", intended to enhance the reputation of the mayor.
3. n. a piece of bedroom furniture like a table with a mirror and drawers
4. n. a small cupboard that stands on the floor in a bathroom and has a washbasin (= a fixed bowl-shaped container for water) in the top

occurrences:
- vanity fair

### procastinate
[proʊˈkræst(ə)nˌeɪt]
to keep delaying something that must be done, often because it is unpleasant or boring.

- I know I've got to deal with the problem at some point - I'm just procrastinating.

### femme
[fem]
(of a gay woman) behaving in a traditionally female way.

- a femme lesbian
- She had been involved with a femme.

### femme fatale
a woman who is very attractive in a mysterious way, usually leading men into danger or causing their destruction

relates:
- (synonym) siren 

### siren
[ˈsaɪrən]
1. a device for making a loud warning noise.
- police sirens
- When the air raid siren went off people ran to their shelters.

2. one of the creatures who were half woman and half bird, whose beautiful singing encouraged sailors to sail into dangerous waters where they died

3. a woman who is considered to be very attractive, but also dangerous

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase
### dare sb. to do sth.
to try to make someone do something dangerous.
- She dared her friend to climb onto the roof.

### don't you dare
used to tell someone angrily not to do something.
- Don't you dare hit your sister!

## idioms

## chinese to english
- 没收 confiscate

## vesus

## topics
