# 2021-08-15
## vocabulary
### infantry
[ˈɪnfəntri]
the part of an army that fights on foot.

- The infantry was/were sent into battle.
- It's a light/heavy infantry unit.

### vibe
the mood or character of a place, situation, or piece of music.

- The music has a soothing([ˈsuðɪŋ]) vibe.
- I didn't like the place - it had bad vibes.

### grind
past tense: ground, past participle: ground
1. to make something into small pieces or a powder by pressing between hard surfaces.

- Shall I grind a little black pepper over your salad?
- They grind the grain into flour (= make flour by crushing grain) between two large stones.

2. to rub something against a hard surface, in order to make it sharper or smoother.

- She has a set of chef's knives that she grinds every week.
- He ground down the sharp metal edges to make them smooth.
- The car engine was making a strange grinding noise.

3. (informal) a difficult or boring activity that needs a lot of effort.
- Having to type up my handwritten work was a real grind.
- The daily grind of taking care of three children was **wearing her down**.

4. (infomal) a boring person who studies all the time and does nothing else.


phrases:
1. grind your teeth
to make a noise by rubbing your teeth together.

-  She grinds her teeth in her sleep.

2. the daily grind
employment, especially when this consists of boring activities.

- The **recession** has driven many would-be-retirees back to the daily grind.

### chill
1. v. to make or become cold but not freeze.
- I've put the beer in the fridge to chill.
- Chill the pudding before serving.

2. n. a feeling of cold.
- There was a chill in the air this morning.
chill noun (ILLNESS)
 
3. n. a slight fever.
- Don't go out with wet hair, you might catch a chill.

4. n. a sudden unpleasant feeling, especially of fear.
- I suddenly realized, with a chill of **apprehension([ˌæprɪˈhenʃ(ə)n])**, the danger ahead.

5. adj. relaxed.
- We're a lot more chill about this than our parents were.
- The bar has a pretty chill vibe and the service is great.

related:
1. idiom: chill sb to the bone
to frighten someone very much.
- This is a film that will chill you to the marrow.

2. idiom: chilled to the bone
extremely cold.
- Walking home in the snow, we got chilled to the bone.

3. take the chill off sth
to make something slightly less cold.
- We lit the fire to take the chill off the room.

4. send chills down/up sb's spine
to make someone feel very frightened.
- His words sent a chill down her **spine([spaɪn])**.

3. phrasal verb: chill out
to relax completely, or not allow things to upset you.
- I'm just chilling out in front of the TV.
- Chill out, Dad. The train doesn't leave for another hour!
- If anything major happens we’re going to find out, so let’s chill out and just do what we need to do.

### spine
[spaɪn]
1. the line of bones down the centre of the back that provides support for the body and protects the **spinal([ˈspaɪn(ə)l]) cord**.
 
2. a long, sharp point like a needle growing out of an animal such as a **hedgehog([ˈhedʒˌhɔɡ])** or a plant such as a cactus.
- Be careful of the cactus spines.
 
3. the end of a book where the pages are attached and which usually shows the writer’s name and title on its outer part

related:
1. spinal [ˈspaɪn(ə)l]

### recession
[rɪˈseʃ(ə)n]
a period when the economy of a country is not doing well, industrial production and business activity are at a low level, and there are many people unemployed.

- The country is **mired([maɪrd])** in recession.
- The Japanese economy is experiencing its worst recession in 20 ye

## phrasal verb
### wear sb. down
to make someone feel tired and less able to deal successfully with a situation.

- Both sides are trying to wear the other down by being **obstinate([ˈɑbstɪnət])** in the negotiations.
- All the stress and extra travel is beginning to wear him down.

## phrases

## idioms

## chinese to english

## notes
