# 2023-05-20
## vocabulary

## phrasal verb
### pick on
to criticize, punish, or be unkind to the same person often and unfairly:

- He gets picked on by the other boys because he's so small.
- Why are you picking on me?
- Stop picking on me!
- She felt she was being picked on.
- At school she was a vulnerable little soul and the other girls picked on her.
- I hope he didn't think I was picking on him.

occurrences:
- The two bullies always picked on the smaller, weaker kids.

### look into
to examine the facts about a problem or situation:

- We're looking into the possibility of merging the two departments.
- We're looking into buying a new computer.
- He looked into hiring another secretary, but it would have been too expensive.
- When we looked into buying a car, we decided it was better to hire one occasionally.
- If you really look into it, you'll probably find it's not such a good deal.
- We're looking into the possibility of getting to New York for her wedding.

occurrences:
- For the 2nd problem: I guess it relates to the word case, currently the algo is case sensitive(this is useful when we perform the stock code match), I’ll look into it further.

## collocation

## phrase
### on a par (with someone/something)
equal or similar to someone or something:

- In my opinion, none of the new jazz trumpeters are on a par with Miles Davis.
- The regeneration of the city's downtown dock front will put it on a par with Nice or Cannes.
- Property in this bustling city is valued even higher, almost on a par with London.
- Her writing at its best is considered to be on a par with Charles Dickens.
- At this rate, they'll have 600,000 visitors to the exhibition, which will put it on a par with the Van Gogh exhibition.
- The country has over 500 resorts, placing it on a par with France.

## idioms
### a wild goose chase
> A prolonged or chaotic search for something that is difficult to find (often because it does not exist).
> -- <cite>The Free dictionary</cite>

> a search that is completely unsuccessful and a waste of time because the person or thing being searched for does not exist or is somewhere else.
> -- <cite>Cambridge Dictionary</cite>

> (figuratively) A futile search, a fruitless errand; a useless and often lengthy task whose execution is inordinately complex relative to the value of the outcome.
> -- <cite>Wikipedia</cite>

- I've been on a wild goose chase trying to find a bag of Dan's favorite potato chips.
- Those jerks sent me on a wild goose chase to find a copy of a book that hasn't been released yet!

references:
- https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/a+wild+goose+chase
- https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/wild-goose-chase?q=wild+goose
- https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/wild-goose_chase

### hold on like grim death/hang on for grim death
to hold very firmly or resolutely

references:
- https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/561240/why-do-we-hang-on-like-grim-death
- https://grammarist.com/idiom/hang-on-like-grim-death-and-hang-on-for-grim-death/

### don't shoot the messenger
said to warn someone not to be mad at the person who tells them something bad

- A: "What do you mean I'm being sued by my ex-wife? I'll knock your lights out!" 
  B: "Hey man, I'm just doing my job. Don't shoot the messenger!"

### be par for the course
If a type of behaviour, event, or situation is par for the course, it is not good but it is normal or as you would expect:

- The school budget is going to be cut again this year, but then that's par for the course.
- It took a long time to finish, but that's par for the course on a project like this.
- Long hours and tough working conditions are often par for the course in catering.
- If you want to be a politician, a little criticism is par for the course.
- Such service companies want your agency's business and lavish lunches and gifts are par for the course.
- This was par for the course, they seemed to be saying.
- In my trade this is thought to be par for the course.
- Alesis reverb units are par for the course in home studios; and their 3630 should enjoy the same popularity.

references:
- https://www.ldoceonline.com/dictionary/be-par-for-the-course
- https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/be-par-for-the-course

### up to par
to be of the usual or expected standard, usually used in negative statements

- She was checking to see if his work was up to par.
- Her work hasn't been up to par lately.
- His coursework is not up to par.
- She's not feeling up to par.
- His performance was not up to par. 
- It's a constant struggle to try to keep them up to par.

### below/under par
Below average; not as good as desired, required, or expected.

- This essay you turned in on Friday is really below par. Has something been distracting you from your studies recently?
- Our food was rather uninteresting, and the service was really below par. I honestly don't understand why this restaurant is so popular!

### be on an upward/downward trajectory
to be getting higher or lower:

- The government is now claiming that inflation is on a downward trajectory.

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes