# 2022-01-04
## vocabulary

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes
### ambiguities
- Mary thinks the present is nice.
- She is standing near the bank.
- An old friend of mine teaches at that school.
- Children may feed animals. 
- It must be a new record.
- The lamb is too hot to eat.
- He looked over the old fence.
- The man looked backward.
- Do you have the key?
- The German teachers visited the British museum yesterday.
- Ralph took my picture.
- The student must know the answer.
- She cannot bear children.
- We will give you a ring tonight.
- Jim took me to the court.
- We were late but the coach was late too.
- I don’t like the case.
- Because of the cold, I had to put on a warm coat.
- This poor man has got himself into debt.

#### hints
- Mary thinks the **present** is nice.
- She is standing near the **bank**.
- An **old friend** of mine teaches at that school.
- Children **may(ability, possibility)** feed animals. 
- It must be a new **record(disc, the best/fastest)**.
- The lamb is too hot to eat. (eat or be eaten)
- He **looked over** the old fence.
- The man **looked backward**.
- Do you have the **key**?
- **The German teachers** visited the British museum yesterday.
- Ralph **took my picture(take away or take photo)**.
- The student **must** know the answer.
- She cannot **bear(live with or give birth)** children.
- We will give you a **ring(phone call, or jewellery)** tonight.
- Jim took me to the **court**.
- We were late but the **coach** was late too.
- I don’t like the **case**.
- Because of the **cold**, I had to put on a warm coat.
- This "**poor**" man has got himself into debt.

