# 2021-01-13
## vocabulary
### parasite
[ˈperəˌsaɪt]
1. n. an animal or plant that lives on or in another animal or plant of a different type and feeds from it.
- The older drugs didn't deal effectively with the **malaria** parasite.

2. a person who is lazy and lives by other people working, giving them money, etc.
- Financial speculators are parasites on the national economy.

### sitcom
[ˈsɪtˌkɑm]
a television series in which the same characters are involved in amusing situations in each show.

### avocado
[ˌævəˈkɑdoʊ]
1. a **tropical** fruit with thick, dark green or purple skin, a large, round seed, and soft, pale green flesh that can be eaten.
- Half an avocado contains about 160 calories.
- **Guacamole[ˌɡwɑkəˈmoʊli]** is a **dip**, **spread** or salad made with mashed avocado.
 
2. a pale green colour like the flesh of an avocado.
- The walls are painted a pale avocado.
- I tried the **linen[ˈlɪnən]** trousers in a shade of avocado green.

### tissue
a group of connected cells in an animal or plant that are similar to each other, have the same purpose, and form the stated part of the animal or plant

- human tissue
- plant tissue
- brain/lung/muscle/fat tissue
- His face is covered with scar tissue where he was badly burned.

### **guinea([ˈɡɪni])** pig
1. a small animal covered in fur with rounded ears, short legs, and no tail, often kept as a pet by children

2. a person used in a scientific test, usually to discover the effect of a drug on humans
- They're asking for students to be guinea pigs in their research into the common cold.
- Her own son accused her of having used him as a guinea pig to test her theories about the education of children.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes
[trypophobia](../../vocabulary/phobia.md)