# 2021-10-19
## vocabulary
### pandemic
[pænˈdemɪk]
adjective
(of a disease) existing in almost all of an area or in almost all of a group of people, animals, or plants.

e.g.
- In some parts of the world **malaria([məˈleriə])** is still pandemic.
- A report on pandemic flu released last year said "the potential for catastrophe is immense."

noun
a disease that exists in almost all of an area or in almost all of a group of people, animals or plants.
e.g.
- - The COVID-19 pandemic spread to the United Kingdom in late January 2020.

related:
- **influenza([ˌɪnfluˈenzə])**
- malaria

### epidemic
[ˌepɪˈdemɪk]
1. the appearance of a particular disease in a large number of people at the same time.

-  a flu epidemic

2. happening a lot and affecting many people.
- Poverty in this country has reached epidemic proportions.
- Crime and poverty are epidemic in the city.

### irony
1. a situation in which something which was intended to have a particular result has the opposite or a very different result.
2. the use of words that are the opposite of what you mean, as a way of being funny

related:
- sarcasm [ˈsɑrˌkæzəm]
- sarcastic [sɑrˈkæstɪk]

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus
### epidemic vs pandemic
An EPIDEMIC is a disease that affects a large number of people within a community, population, or region. A PANDEMIC is an epidemic that’s spread over multiple countries or continents. The key difference, is about scale.

## topics
