# 2021-10-25
## vocabulary
### understanding
1. adj. An understanding person who has the ability to know how other people are feeling, and can forgive them if they do something wrong:
- He had expected her to be horrified, but she was actually very understanding.

2. n(U) knowledge about a subject, situation, etc. or about how something works:
- She doesn't have any understanding of politics/human nature/what it takes to be a good manager.
- My understanding of the agreement (= what I think it means) is that they will pay $50,000 over two years.
 
3. n(S or U) a positive relationship between two people or groups in which they feel sympathy for each other:
- For peace to exist in the region there needs to be a much improved understanding between all the parties concerned.

4. n(C) an informal agreement between people:
- It took several hours of discussion before they could come to/reach an understanding.

### compassionate
[kəmˈpæʃ(ə)nət]
feeling or showing sympathy and sadness for the suffering or bad luck of others, and wanting to help them

- The public's response to the crisis appeal was generous and **compassionate**.
- He was a wonderful listener and a deeply **compassionate** man

see also:
- compassion n.

### sensitive
1. understanding what other people need, and being helpful and kind to them.

- Representatives of the company claim their plan will be sensitive to local needs.
- In the movie, he plays a concerned and sensitive father trying to bring up two teenage children on his own.

2. easily upset by the things people say or do, or causing people to be upset, embarrassed, or angry

e.g.
- Her reply showed that she was very sensitive to criticism([ˈkrɪtɪˌsɪzəm]).
- He was very sensitive about his scar and thought everyone was staring at him.
  
3. A sensitive subject, situation, etc. needs to be dealt with carefully in order to avoid upsetting people:

e.g.
- Sex education and birth control are sensitive issues.
- The stolen car contained military documents described as very sensitive.

### benevolent
[bəˈnevələnt]
Beethoven ['beɪˌtoʊvən]
1. kind and helpful

e.g.
- He was a benevolent old man and wouldn't hurt a fly.

2. giving money or help to people or organizations that need it

e.g.
- a benevolent organization

### tender
1. gentle, loving, or kind

e.g.
- What you need is some tender loving care.

2. (of part of the body) painful, sore, or uncomfortable when touched

e.g.
- My arm was very tender after the injection.

3. (of meat or vegetables) easy to cut or chew (= crush with the teeth)

e.g.
- My steak was beautifully tender.

### tolerant
1. willing to accept behaviour and beliefs that are different from your own, although you might not agree with or approve of them

e.g.
- The present government is even less tolerant of dissent.
- People in Italy are more tolerant of children in public places than in Britain.

2. able to deal with something unpleasant or annoying, or to continue existing despite bad or difficult conditions

e.g.
- I think men are less tolerant of stress than women
- Compared to other plants, rye is more tolerant of drought.

### good-natured
kind, friendly, and patient.

e.g.
- a good-natured face/crowd

### empathy
[ˈempəθi]
the ability to share someone else’s feelings or experiences by imagining what it would be like to be in that person’s situation:

- He loves children and has a certain empathy with them.

empathize [ˈempəˌθaɪz]

### competent
[ˈkɑmpɪtənt]
able to do something well

- a competent secretary/rider/cook
- I wouldn't say he was brilliant but he is competent at his job.

### nurture
[ˈnɜrtʃər]
1. v. to take care of, feed, and protect someone or something, especially young children or plants, and help him, her, or it to develop.

- She wants to stay at home and nurture her children.
- a carefully nurtured garden

2. n. the way in which children are treated as they are growing, especially as compared with the characteristics they are born with.

- Which do you believe has the strongest influence on how children develop - nature or nurture?

occurrences:
- This research, outlined in Pink’s new book, The Power of Regret, helps us to understand the crucial role that regret plays in our lives, from **nurturing** friendships and taking responsible decisions to weighing up risk.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase
### on the understanding (that)
If you do something on the understanding that something else can or will happen, you do it because someone else has promised that it can or will:

- We bought the sofa on the understanding that we could return it if it didn't fit in the room.

## idioms
### put oneself in someone's shoes
to make an effort to imagine how you would feel or act if you were in the same situation as a particular person

e.g.
- You should be kinder when considering others, and put yourself in their shoes once in a while.
- Part of the job of songwriters is to put yourself in other people's shoes.
- Before being quick to judge someone for their actions, you should always try to put yourself in their shoes. Everyone is human, after all.
- Put yourself in my shoes and then tell me what you would have done, Dan! It isn't as straightforward as you're making it seem!

### (offer) a shoulder to cry on
1. someone who is willing to listen to your problems and give you sympathy, emotional support, and encouragement.
- I wish you'd been here when my mother died and I needed a shoulder to cry on.

2. sympathy and support
- He offered me a shoulder to cry on when my husband left me.

### (here are) my two cents(' worth)
an opinion offered on a topic under discussion

- Your father kept telling me to hush up and don't be a damn fool, but you know me, I had to put in my two cents' worth.

references: 
[My two cents](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_two_cents)
> The expression is also sometimes used to preface uncontentious opinions. For example, "If I may put my two cents in, that hat doesn't do you any favors" (a polite way of saying, for example, "that hat is ugly"). Another example would be "My two cents is that you should sell your stock now." "Two cents" and its variations may also be used in place of the noun "opinion" or the verb phrase "state [subject's] opinion", e.g. "You had to put your two cents in, didn't you?" or "But that’s just my two cents." This expression is also often used as a supplementary phrase after a statement, e.g. "Just my two cents."

### nature vs nurture
The nature versus nurture debate is one of the oldest philosophical issues within psychology.
Nature refers to all of the genes and hereditary factors that influence who we are—from our physical appearance to our personality characteristics. Nurture refers to all the environmental variables that impact who we are, including our early childhood experiences, how we were raised, our social relationships, and our surrounding culture.

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## notes
### adjectives relates to empathy
understanding
compassionate
sensitive
kind
soft-hearted/warm-hearted
benevolent
tender
tolerant
good-natured
empathy

### misc
acronym [ˈækrəˌnɪm]
antonym [ˈæntənɪm]
synonym [ˈsɪnənɪm]
mediocre [ˌmidiˈoʊkər]