# 2022-07-19
## vocabulary
### blame
1. v. to say or think that someone or something did something wrong or is responsible for something bad happening:
- Don't blame me (= it is not my fault) if you miss the bus!
- Hugh blames his mother for his lack of confidence.
- Hugh blames his lack of confidence on his mother.

#### I don't blame someone
said in order to tell someone that you understand why they are doing something and that you agree with the reason for doing it:
- I don't blame him for getting angry - she's being really annoying.
- "I decided to leave." "I don't blame you!"

####  be to blame
to be the reason for something that happens:
- The hot weather is partly to blame for the water shortage.

2. n. the situation in which people say or think that someone or something did something wrong or is responsible for something bad happening:
- Health officials put the blame for the disease on (= say that the reason for the disease is) poor housing conditions.
- They tried to pin (= put) the blame for the killing on an innocent army officer.
- We want to find out what happened, not to **apportion** blame (= to say someone or something was wrong).
- He put the blame on everyone but himself.

#### take the blame
If you take the blame for something, you say that you did it or that it is your fault:
- If anything goes wrong, I'll take the blame.

### superlative
the form of an adjective or adverb that expresses that the thing or person being described has more of the particular quality than anything or anyone else of the same type:
- "Richest" is the superlative of "rich".
- The magazine article contained so many superlatives that I found it hard to believe that what it was saying was true.
- Today we are learning how to form comparatives and superlatives.

### rug
a shaped piece of thick cloth for covering part of a floor:
- The rug we bought for the living-room has a beautiful red and gold pattern.
- My dog loves lying on the rug in front of the fire.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes