# 2022-02-22
## vocabulary
### roast
1. v. informal. to criticize severely or speak angrily to someone.

- Critics roasted him for exploiting racial stereotypes.

2. v. informal. to humorously criticize and make jokes about a famous person at a public event honouring that person, as a part of the event.

- He's known for roasting big-name celebrities on his Comedy Central shows.
- We like to roast each other.
- I got roasted by him.

3. n. an event where a famous person has jokes and humorous criticisms made about them, for entertainment.

- There will be a roast hosted by Bill Maher to mark Larry King's 50 years on radio and television.
- It was a delicious roast.

see also:
- rooster

### whine
1. v. to make a long, high, sad sound.
- Leon's dog was sitting by the door whining, so I thought I'd better take it for a walk.
 
2. v. If you whine, especially as a child, you complain or express disappointment or unhappiness repeatedly.
- Alice, if you keep whining I won't take you - do you understand?

3. v. to make a high, complaining sound, or to complain continually.
- If you don’t stop whining, we won’t go at all!

3. n. an unpleasant high sound or voice.
- the whine of a circular saw
- She delivered the speech in a high-pitched nasal whine.

### saturate
1. v. to make something or someone completely wet.
- The grass had been saturated by overnight rain.
- He had cut his leg badly, and his trousers were saturated with/in blood.

2. v. to fill a thing or place completely so that no more can be added.
- The police saturated (= a large number of police officers were sent into) the area.

3. v. CHEMISTRY Saturate also means to cause a substance to combine with as much of another substance as is possible.

occurrences:
- [saturate, desaturate, grayscale](https://github.com/yannickl/DynamicColor#saturate-desaturate--grayscale)

see also:
- desaturate
- grayscale
- fade
- darken
- lighten

### discord
[ˈdɪsˌkɔrd]
n. the state of not agreeing or sharing opinions.

- **marital[ˈmerət(ə)l]** discord
- A note of discord has crept into relations between the two countries.
- The plan to build the highway created discord in our community.

occurrences:
- MVVM certainly has some good ideas, but it also brings along problems because of the various **discording** interpretations of the pattern and its **rigidity**.

### rigid
[ˈrɪdʒɪd]

1. adj. stiff or fixed; not able to be bent or moved.
- rigid plastic
- a rigid steel and concrete structure
- I was rigid with (= stiff and unable to move because of) fear. 

2. not able to be changed or persuaded.
- We were disappointed that they insisted on such a rigid interpretation of the rules.
- rigid rules of behavior
- I keep to a rigid schedule.

occurrences:
- MVVM certainly has some good ideas, but it also brings along problems because of the various **discording** interpretations of the pattern and its **rigidity**.

see also:
- rigidity [rɪ'dʒɪdəti] n.

### proponent
[prəˈpoʊnənt]
n. a person who speaks publicly in support of a particular idea or plan of action.

- He is one of the leading proponents of capital punishment.
- Long a proponent of government health insurance, he pointed out that millions of Americans have no health insurance at all.

occurrences:
This is another long-standing debate about MVVM, where some **proponents** insist that networking code goes inside a view model?
**I beg to differ**.

### culprit
[ˈkʌlprɪt]
1. someone who has done something wrong.
Police hope the public will help them to find the culprits.
Two eyewitnesses identified her as the culprit.

2. a fact or situation that is the reason for something bad happening.
- Children in this country are getting much too fat, and sugar and sweets are the main culprits.
- The culprit was identified as a microorganism that contaminated mayonnaise.

occurrences:
- If you look at it from the point of view of reusing code, that’s a mistake. While a view model clearly needs to trigger network requests to fetch data, networking code is filled with boilerplate.\
That’s code that is clearly going to be repeated in every view model that performs network requests.\
Here, I think the **culprit** is the use of reactive frameworks like RxSwift and Combine. All that boilerplate code gets lost into the glue code that connects streams of data.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase
### I beg to differ/disagree
a way of saying "I do not agree" that is polite, but may sound unfriendly.

- You say that the candidates are essentially the same, but I beg to differ.
- I must beg to differ on this point.

occurrences:
This is another long-standing debate about MVVM, where some **proponents** insist that networking code goes inside a view model?
**I beg to differ**.

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english
- 吐槽 roast

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes