# 2022-02-25
## vocabulary
### crucial
adj. extremely important or necessary.

- a crucial decision/question
- Her work has been crucial to the project's success.
- It is crucial that the problem is tackled immediately.
- The behavior of the oceans is a crucial aspect of global warming.

see also:
- critical

occurrences:
- Regret is often seen as undesirable, but it’s a **crucial** emotion in helping us develop. How do we harness its powerful lessons?

### harness
1. n. a piece of equipment with straps and belts, used to control or hold in place a person, animal, or object.

- a safety harness
- a baby harness
- a **parachute[ˈperəˌʃut]** harness

2. v. to put a harness on a horse, or to connect a horse to a vehicle using a harness
- He harnessed the baby into her car seat.

3. v. to control something, usually in order to use its power.
- There is a great deal of interest in harnessing wind and waves as new sources of power.
- The dam harnesses water power (= controls and uses it) to generate electricity.

occurrences:
- Regret is often seen as undesirable, but it’s a crucial emotion in helping us develop. How do we **harness** its powerful lessons?

### impulse
1. n. a sudden strong wish to do something.
- I had this sudden **impulse** to shout out "Nonsense!" in the middle of her speech.
- I had this **impulse** to dye my hair red.

2. n. a short electrical, radio, or light signal that carries information or instructions between the parts of a system.
- an electrical/nerve impulse

3. n. something that is the driving force behind or reason for something else.
- a creative/commercial impulse

see also:
- impulsive buyer

#### on (an) impulse
because you suddenly want to, although you haven't planned to.

- "I didn't know you were looking for some new shoes." "Oh, I wasn't - I just bought them **on impulse**."
- I bought this expensive sweater **on impulse**.

occurrences:
- When they reached her destination – a station in Belgium – they kissed, and **on an impulse**, Bruce considered jumping off the train with her to see where life may lead him. Instead, he quickly scribbled his name and parents’ address on a scrap of paper.

### brunette
[bruˈnet]
a woman or girl with dark hair.
- a tall brunette

see also:
- blonde

occurrences:
- In 1981, a young American man named Bruce was on a train journey through northern France when a pretty **brunette** called Sandra boarded at Paris and sat next to him. Conversation came easily, and they were soon laughing and holding hands.

### scribble
[ˈskrɪb(ə)l]
1. v. to write or draw something quickly or carelessly:

- The baby's just scribbled all over my new dictionary!
- I'll just scribble Dad a note/scribble a note to Dad to say we're going out.
- I scribbled a few words to her on a postcard.

2. n. a careless piece of writing or drawing:

- What are all these scribbles doing on the wallpaper?
- I hope you can read my scribble!

occurrences:
- When they reached her destination – a station in Belgium – they kissed, and on an impulse, Bruce considered jumping off the train with her to see where life may lead him. Instead, he quickly **scribbled** his name and parents’ address on a scrap of paper.

### gut
[ɡʌt]
1. n. the long tube in the body of a person or animal, through which food moves during the process of digesting food:
- Meat stays in the gut longer than vegetable matter.

2. n. informal. a person's stomach when it is extremely large:
- He's got a huge beer gut (= large stomach caused by drinking beer).

3. n. informal, plural. courage in dealing with danger or uncertainty:
- It takes a lot of guts to admit to so many people that you've made a mistake.

see also:
- intestine [ɪnˈtestɪn] n.

#### gut feeling/reaction
a strong belief about someone or something that cannot completely be explained and does not have to be decided by reasoning:
- I have a gut feeling that the relationship won't last.

see also:
- sixth sense

occurrences:
- Almost as soon as the doors had closed, Bruce regretted not having gone with his **gut feeling**. 

#### sb's gut
a way of deciding what should be done or what is right, that is based on how someone feels rather than thinking about reasons:

- My head said that I should go but my gut said I should stay.
- I went with my gut and chose Sarah to lead the team.

#### have sb's guts for garters
If you say you will have someone's guts for garters, you mean that you will punish them severely:

- If that boy has taken my bike again, I'll have his guts for garters!

#### work/play/fight your guts out
to work/play/fight extremely hard:
- I've been working my guts out these past few weeks and all he can do is criticize.

### anecdote
[ˈænəkˌdoʊt]
a short, often funny story, especially about something someone has done:

- He told one or two amusing anecdotes about his years as a policeman.
- He told some funny anecdotes about famous people.

occurrences:
- The **anecdote** is just one of 16,000 accounts the author Daniel Pink has collected in his World Regret Survey. Analysing this data and drawing on the latest scientific experiments, Pink has been able to identify four different types of regret and the kinds of events that are most likely to lead to each one.

### quash
[kwɑʃ]
1. v. to say officially that something, especially an earlier official decision, is no longer to be accepted:
- His conviction was **quashed** in March 1986 after his counsel argued that the police evidence was all lies.

2. v. to forcefully stop something that you do not want to happen:
- The **revolt[rɪˈvoʊlt]** was swiftly **quashed** by government troops.
- The company moved quickly to **quash** rumours/speculation that it is losing money.
- The Secretary of Defense tried to **quash** speculation that he was planning to resign following the disastrous military defeat.

occurrences:
- Like many negative emotions, regret is often seen as a purely undesirable feeling – one that we should **quash** whenever possible.

### eminent
1. famous, respected, or important:
- an eminent historian
- The commission consisted of fifteen eminent political figures.
- This shows eminent good sense.

occurrences:
- Psychologists, however, have shown that it can be an **eminently** useful emotion. “It would be a very, very bad idea, I think, to eliminate regrets in your life,” says Aidan Feeney, a professor of psychology at Queen’s University Belfast.

### gratification
[ˌgrætɪfɪ'keɪʃn]
pleasure or satisfaction, or something which provides this:
- sexual gratification
- Some people expect instant gratification (= to get what they want immediately).

see also:
- gratify

occurrences:
- Feeney’s own research has tested how the emotion is essential for developing an understanding of delayed **gratification** – our ability to put off a small reward now for a greater reward later.

### opted
to make a choice, especially of one thing or possibility instead of others:
- Mike **opted for** early retirement.
- Most people **opt to** have the operation.
- Instead of a soft drink, she **opted for** water.
- He **opted out of** the health insurance plan (= chose not to be a part of it).

occurrences:
- This task was a bit unfair, since the children didn’t know what each box contained, meaning that most **opted for** the one that opened first, which contained two candies. Only after they had made their decision were they told that if they had waited for the other box to open, they could have had four candies instead – doubling their prize.

### subdue
[səbˈdu]
v. to reduce the force of something, or to prevent something from existing or developing:
- The fire burned for eight hours before the fire crews could **subdue** it.
- He criticized the school for trying to **subdue** individual expression.

occurrences:
- Regret, it seems, helped them to become more patient so they could **subdue** the temptation to go with the immediate pleasure.

### abound
[əˈbaʊnd]
v. to exist in large numbers:
- Theories **abound about** how the universe began.
- The streams and rivers **abound in** fish.

occurrences:
- The psychological literature **abounds with** many other examples of regret’s benefits.

### haste
n. (too much) speed:
- Unfortunately the report was prepared in haste and contained several inaccuracies.
- In her haste to get up from the table, she knocked over a cup.
- His father had just died and he didn't want to marry with **indecent[ɪnˈdis(ə)nt]** haste.
- In spite of all their haste, they didn’t have time to finish.
- Officials acted in haste (= too quickly), without understanding the situation.

see also:
- hasty adj. Don’t make a hasty decision.
- hastily adv. hastily constructed houses.

occurrences:
- Regret over a poor business negotiation helps people to secure better deals in the future, for instance. And if we made one decision **in haste**, the feeling of regret ensures that we consider wider range of information in the future.

### reframe
1. to change the way something is expressed or considered:

- She is trying to **reframe** the debate about the care of vulnerable children.
 
2. to put a picture in a new or different frame:

- I **reframed** the photograph and hung it in our bedroom.

occurrences:
- Such findings should help us to **reframe** the emotion more positively, says Pink. “We should see regret as a teacher, trying to tell us something important.”

### cognition
[kɑɡˈnɪʃ(ə)n]
n. the use of conscious mental processes:
- a book on human learning, memory, and **cognition**

occurrences:
- Regret’s fundamental role in our **cognition** may explain why so many people experience it so frequently.

### undergraduate
n. a student at a college or university who has not yet received a bachelor’s degree

occurrences:
Pink points to one study, from 1984, that examined the conversations of **undergraduate** and married couples. Within these recordings, regret was the second most discussed emotion after love.

### camp
1. n. a group of people who share an opinion, especially a political one:
- The pro-independence camp are demanding a **referendum[ˌrefəˈrendəm]**.
- The party is divided into two distinct camps over the **legislation[ˌledʒɪˈsleɪʃ(ə)n]**.
- Voters in the governor’s camp will believe whatever he says about the state budget.

occurrences:
- Analysing the specific contents of his World Regret Survey, Pink found that most people’s biggest regrets fall into one of four different **camps**.

### bold
1. adj. not frightened of danger:
- She was a **bold** and fearless climber.
- The newspaper made the **bold** move/took the **bold** step of publishing the names of the men involved.
- He is a qualified politician with **bold** ideas.

2. adj. strong in colour or shape, and very noticeable to the eye:
- They painted the kitchen in **bold** colours.
- The costumes were in beautiful, **bold** colors.

3. adj. not shy, and almost rude:
- He was a **bold** and **defiant[dɪˈfaɪənt]** little boy.
- She was friendly without being **bold**.

#### boldly
adv. in a brave and confident way, without showing any fear:
- He advanced **boldly** and knocked on the door.
- His secretary **boldly** asks, "Aren't you going to ask me out for dinner?"

#### boldness
n. a brave and confident way of behaving that shows no fear:
He is famous for the **boldness** of his business methods.
Even critics admire his **boldness**.

occurrences:
- **Boldness** regrets come from being over cautious. As Bruce found on that train through France and Belgium, we are sometimes presented with potentially life-changing opportunities.

### juncture
n. a particular point in time:
- At this juncture, it is impossible to say whether she will make a full recovery.
- Negotiations are at a critical juncture.

occurrences:
- In his opinion, we should always reconnect when we sense a distance is building. “If you’re wondering whether or not to reach out to someone – simply being at that **juncture** has answered the question,” he says. “That, for me personally, has been the biggest lesson of this.”

### prevalent
['prevələnt]
adj. existing very commonly or happening often:
- These diseases are more **prevalent** among young children.
- Trees are dying in areas where acid rain is most **prevalent**.
- Drought conditions have been **prevalent** across the area for several years.

#### prevalence
n. the fact that something is very common or happens often:
- the **prevalence** of smoking among teenagers
- The **prevalence** of the disease is higher in some families.

occurrences:
- Similarly, the **prevalence** of boldness regrets shows us the danger of being too risk **averse**

### averse
[əˈvɜrs]
v. strongly disliking or opposed to:
- Few people are **averse to** the idea of a free holiday.
- I'm not **averse to** (= I like) the occasional glass of champagne myself.
- Few politicians are **averse to** appearing on television.

occurrences:
- Similarly, the **prevalence** of boldness regrets shows us the danger of being too risk **averse**

### whim
[hwɪm]
n. a sudden wish or idea, especially one that cannot be reasonably explained:
- We booked the trip **on a whim**.
- You can add what you want to this mixture - brandy, whisky, or nothing at all - **as the whim takes you**.
- Oh for a husband who would **indulge[ɪnˈdʌldʒ]** my every **whim**!
- The whims of rock stars can be hard to satisfy.

occurrences:
- sometimes it’s right to be impulsive. That doesn’t mean that we should actively embrace danger **on a whim**

### peril
[ˈperəl]
n. great danger, or something that is very dangerous:
- I never felt that my life was **in peril**.
- The journey through the mountains was **fraught[frɔt]** with **peril** (= full of dangers).
- Teenagers must be warned about the **perils** of unsafe sex.
- The president said that we are entering a time of great **peril**.

occurrences:
- but in many cases “people see more **peril** than actually exists”, Pink says. This may be particularly true for cases where shyness or **timidity** stop us from going for a once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity or approaching a potential love interest. We may hope to escape disappointment or embarrassment, but in return, we will be left forever wondering ‘what if?’.

#### do sth at your peril
to do something that might be very dangerous for you:
- We underestimate the destructiveness of war at our peril.

### timid
[ˈtɪmɪd]
adj. shy and nervous; without much confidence; easily frightened:
- Kieran is a **timid** child.
- My dog is a little **timid** - especially around other dogs.
- She was **timid** about swimming in deep water.

see also:
- timidity [tɪ'mɪdəti] n.
- timidly ['tɪmɪdli] adv.
- **fainthearted** adj., n.

occurrences:
- but in many cases “people see more **peril** than actually exists”, Pink says. This may be particularly true for cases where shyness or **timidity** stop us from going for a once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity or approaching a potential love interest. We may hope to escape disappointment or embarrassment, but in return, we will be left forever wondering ‘what if?’.

### post-mortem
1. a medical examination of a dead person's body in order to find out the cause of death:
- to conduct a post-mortem examination
- The disease can be confirmed only in a **post-mortem**.

2. a discussion of an event after it has happened, especially of what was wrong with it or why it failed:
- After we lose a game, there's usually a **post-mortem** over a few beers.
- a post-mortem on Harkin’s presidential campaign

occurrences:
- One general strategy to avoid future regret is use a **“pre-mortem”** – in which you deliberately imagine the worst potential outcomes before making a decision

### regulate
[ˈreɡjəˌleɪt]
to control something, especially by making it work in a particular way:
- You can **regulate** the temperature in the house by adjusting the **thermostat[ˈθɜrməˌstæt]**.
- Her mother strictly **regulates** how much TV she can watch.
- As a diabetic, she **regulates** her sugar intake carefully.

occurrences:
- Pink’s research also offers ways for us to cope with the regrets that we already have. Given its benefits, we certainly don’t want to suppress the feeling entirely, but certain strategies can help us to **regulate** the emotion, so that we listen to its message without **wallowing** in the sadness of our past mistakes.

#### regulation
1. n. an official rule or the act of controlling something:
- safety/health/traffic/fire/security regulations
- The correct procedure is laid down in the rules and regulations.
- government regulation of inflation

2. adj. according to the rules or the usual way of doing things:
- businessmen in their regulation **pinstripe[ˈpɪnˌstraɪp]** suits
- It's regulation to wear suits at the office.
- a regulation football pitch

### wallow
[ˈwɑloʊ]
1. v. (especially of some animals) to lie or roll around slowly in deep, wet earth, sand, or water:
- a **hippopotamus[ˌhɪpəˈpɑtəməs]** **wallowing** in mud

2. n. informal. the act of lying or rolling around slowly in deep, wet earth, sand, or water:
- He likes a good **wallow** in the bath.

3. v. To wallow in an emotion or situation is to stay in that state without trying to change:
- He was not a fellow to shed tears, or **wallow** in self-pity.

occurrences:
- Pink’s research also offers ways for us to cope with the regrets that we already have. Given its benefits, we certainly don’t want to suppress the feeling entirely, but certain strategies can help us to **regulate** the emotion, so that we listen to its message without **wallowing** in the sadness of our past mistakes.

### disclosure
n. the act of making something known or the fact that is made known:
- Any public **disclosure** of this information would be very damaging to the company.
- The newspaper made damaging **disclosures** of management incompetence.
- Some of the **disclosures** in the final report were very surprising.
- Full financial **disclosure** is required.

occurrences:
- Pink says the first step is **disclosure**. When we keep painful feelings **bottled up**, they can **fester**, but talking through the situation helps us to view it more analytically.

### fester
[ˈfestər]
1. v. If a cut or other injury festers, it becomes infected and produces pus:
- a festering sore

2. v. If a bad situation such as an argument festers, it becomes worse because it is being ignored:
- It's better to express your anger than let it **fester** inside you.
- a **festering** argument/**dispute[dɪˈspjut]**

occurrences:
- Pink says the first step is **disclosure**. When we keep painful feelings bottled up, they can **fester**, but talking through the situation helps us to view it more analytically.

### compassion
[kəmˈpæʃ(ə)n]
a strong feeling of sympathy and sadness for the suffering or bad luck of others and a wish to help them:
- I was hoping she might show a little compassion.

see also:
- compassionate adj.

occurrences:
- Secondly, you can practice **self-compassion**, rather than **[descending into](../2021-09/2021-09-09.md#descend-into-something)** toxic self-criticism. To do so, you should stop beating yourself up with statements like “I’m such a loser” that **frame** your mistake as a sign of an **innate**, unfixable flaw.

### frame
1. v. to carefully plan or organize ideas, suggestions, methods, etc., in a particular way:
- The interview would have been more productive if the questions had been **framed** more precisely.
- Their conclusions are **framed** in such a way that if one piece of evidence were shown to be false, the argument would be suspect.

2. to make a person seem to be guilty of a crime when they are not, by producing facts or information that are not true:
- He claimed he'd been **framed** by the police.
- It looked like somebody was trying to **frame** him.

3. n. a border that surrounds and supports a picture, door, or window:
- a picture frame

4. n. a period of play in some games, such as **snooker[ˈsnʊkər]**:
- She lost the next two frames.

occurrences:
- Secondly, you can practice **self-compassion**, rather than **[descending into](../2021-09/2021-09-09.md#descend-into-something)** toxic self-criticism. To do so, you should stop beating yourself up with statements like “I’m such a loser” that **frame** your mistake as a sign of an **innate**, unfixable flaw.

### innate
[ˈɪˌneɪt]
adj. An innate quality or ability is one that you were born with, not one you have learned:
- Cyril's most impressive quality was his **innate** goodness.
- Her dance expresses the **innate** beauty of the human spirit.

occurrences:
- Secondly, you can practice **self-compassion**, rather than **[descending into](../2021-09/2021-09-09.md#descend-into-something)** toxic self-criticism. To do so, you should stop beating yourself up with statements like “I’m such a loser” that **frame** your mistake as a sign of an **innate**, unfixable flaw.

### slack
1. adj. not tight; loose:
- These tent ropes are too slack - they need tightening.

2. showing a lack of activity; not busy or happening in a positive way:
- The teachers are kind of slack about enforcing rules.

3. n. uncountable. the fact that something is too loose:
- There's too much slack in these ropes.
- The men pulled on the ropes to take up the slack (= to tighten them).
- There was too much slack in the cable.

4. n. uncountable. very small pieces and dust from coal

5. n. plural. a pair of trousers, that are not part of a suit:
- wool slacks

6. v. to work more slowly and with less effort than usual, or to go more slowly:
- Everyone slacks off/up at the end of the week.
- You'll be in trouble if you're caught slacking on the job.
- Slack off your speed as you approach the corner.

### betrayal
n. an act of betraying someone or something, or the fact of someone or something being betrayed:
- This was the first in a series of betrayals.
- I felt a sense of betrayal when my friends refused to support me.

occurrences:
- Through these conversations, he has heard that some are now trying to make up for their past **betrayals**, while others have suddenly decided to make contact with lost friends. It seems that the survey helped them to **come to terms with** their feelings and prompted them into action.

### revolve
v. to move or cause something to move around a central point or line:
- The gun **turret[ˈtʌrət]** revolved until the gun was aimed at the advancing soldiers.
- The plane revolved 162 degrees onto its back.
- The earth revolves around the sun, roughly in a circle.

## phrasal verb
### revolve around sb./sth.
to have someone or something as the main or most important interest or subject:
- The conversation revolved around childcare problems.
- His whole life revolves around(= He is only interested in)football.

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms
### come to terms with
to learn to understand and accept something, to gradually accept a sad situation:
- I think he's still **coming to terms with** the death of his wife.
- she had **come to terms with** the tragedies in her life
- He made little effort to **come to terms with** his critics.

occurrences:
- Through these conversations, he has heard that some are now trying to make up for their past **betrayals**, while others have suddenly decided to make contact with lost friends. It seems that the survey helped them to **come to terms with** their feelings and prompted them into action.

### cut/give sb. some slack
to not judge someone as severely as you usually would because they are having problems at the present time:

- "Andrew's late again." "Cut him some slack - his wife just had a baby."
- Would you give/cut me some slack? I'm doing the best I can.
- When you're new at a job, colleagues and bosses cut you a little slack. They forgive minor mistakes because you're new.

occurrences:
- In other words, once you have recognised your mistake, it’s more than OK to cut yourself some **slack**.

## slang

## chinese to english
- I know it could be personal bias, but deep in my heart, I still the food in my hometown in the best food in China.

## vesus

## topics
- [How to live with your regrets](https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20220205-how-to-live-with-your-regrets)

## mistakes

## notes