# 2022-03-09
## vocabulary
### rewire
v. to put a new system of electric wires into a building or machine:

- You really should have the whole house rewired - the existing wiring isn't safe.

occurrences:
- rewire one's brain

### hardwired
1. adj. A computer or electronic device that is hardwired is built to work in a particular way and you cannot change the way it performs with new software, etc.

2. adj. If someone or something is hardwired to do a particular thing, they automatically do it and cannot change that behaviour:

- Humans are hardwired to love fattening foods.

### makeup
1. n. colored substances used on your face to improve or change your appearance:
- I put on a little eye makeup.
- She wears a lot of makeup.

2. n. The makeup of something or someone is the combination of things that form it:
- They argue that the membership of the Council does not reflect the racial makeup of the city.
- Organizational ability is not one of the most obvious parts of his makeup.

occurrences:
- the genetic makeup

## phrasal verb
### break away from
1. to leave or to escape from someone who is holding you:

- He grabbed her, but she managed to break away.
- One or two of the tourists broke away from the tour group.

2. to end a relationship or connection:
- The small **radical[ˈrædɪk(ə)l]** faction broke away from the independence movement.

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms
### break free
1. to escape from someone who is trying to hold you.
2. to escape from an unpleasant person or situation that controls your life

- She’ll never be happy until she breaks free of her family.
- "This is the part when I break free. Cause I can't resist it no more"  --song break free

### bored/stoned/scared out of your mind
If you say that someone is, for example, bored out of their mind, scared out of their mind, or stoned out of their mind, you are emphasizing that they are extremely bored, scared, or affected by drugs.

- I was bored out of my mind listening to that lecture this afternoon.

## slang
### chick flick
n. countable. a film about relationships, love, etc. that attracts mainly women

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics
### confirmation bias
### external validation
- How can these characters ever be truly happy when nothing but external validation drives them on?

## mistakes

## notes