## roll up one's sleeves
to prepare for hard work

Examples:
- There's a lot of work to do, so roll up your sleeves and get busy.
- We've planned everything – now it's time to roll up our sleeves and get started.

Sentences:
- You cannot achieve your goal without rolling up your sleeves.
- For me, I think continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection. so instead of just sits there planning every details, I'd rather roll up my sleeves and actually do it.

## below the belt
Something that is below the belt is cruel and unfair.

Examples:
- Do you think it's a bit below the belt what they're doing? 
- One report suggested that below-the-belt tactics generally do not work.

Sentences:
- You can easily find below-the-belt comments in social media.

## dressed to kill
If someone is dressed to kill, they are wearing very smart or fashionable clothes because they want people to notice them and think they are attractive.

Examples:
- She was dressed to kill in a red strapless gown.
- I have to be dressed to kill at this event tonight—a lot of important people will be there.
- I’m never dressed to kill. I just try to be neat.

Sentences:
- My workmaktes are all dressed to kill at the annual mettings.

## Have a go
1. have a go at something/at doing something
To attempt to do or undertake something, especially that which is unfamiliar or new.

Examples:
- I know a lot of this work is new to you, but just have a go and let me know if you have any questions.
- I'm having a go at doing my own taxes this year to save on the cost of hiring an accountant.
- I don't know if I can do it, but, sure, I'll have a go.

(informal) 
attempt to do, win or achieve something:

Examples:
- I’m sure I could do better than that. Let me have a go!
- I’ve got the time, so I’ll have a go at the decorating myself.

2. Have a go at someone
mainly BRITISH, INFORMAL
If you have a go at someone, you criticize them strongly, often without good reason.

Examples:
- I was angry because I figured she was just having a go at me for the sake of it. 
- I've had a long day, I'm exhausted and fed up and you have a go at me as soon as I walk in the door.

If you have a go at someone, you attack them physically.
Examples:
- The police had to stop the crowd from having a go at him.
- Watch out for that bull in the back field, he'll have a go at you if you get too close.
- There were a couple of drunkards having a go outside our local pub last night.

Sentences:
- Stop having a go at me, that's below the belt.