# 2021-11-24
## vocabulary
### live
1. v. [lɪv] (to continue) to be alive or have life.
  - He only lived a few days after the accident.
  - Her granny lived to the ripe old age of 94.
  - Can the right to live ever be denied to any human?
  - She lived on well into her 90s.
2. v. have a home
  - where do you live?
3. v. to spend your life in a particular way
  - After a while you get used to living alone.
  - When you retire, you want to live a comfortable life.
3. adj. [laɪv] having life
  - Millions of live animals are shipped around the world each year.
  - There was a tank of live lobsters([ˈlɑbstər]) in the restaurant.
4. adj. [laɪv] (of a performance) broadcast, recorded, or seen while it is happening:
  - This evening there will be a live broadcast of the debate.
  - a live recording
  - I've got two tickets to see them (perform) live.
  - This evening at seven there will be a live telecast of the debate.
  - There will be live music (= people playing music) at the party.
5. adj. [laɪv] carrying or charged with electricity.
  - You’d better test the electric outlet first to see if it's live.
5. adj. [laɪv] able to explode
  - The army is using live **ammunition([ˌæmjəˈnɪʃ(ə)n])** on these **maneuvers([məˈnʊvər])**.

relates:
- lives [laɪvz] plural form of life

### solid
1. adj. having a fixed shape that cannot be changed easily
  - After flying all night, he was glad to be on solid ground.
2. adj. A solid metal or color is pure and does not have anything else mixed together with it
  - solid gold
  - a solid blue background
3. adj. (of objects) made in a way that is strong, or (of a person) strong.
  - It’s a solid house.
  - David has a solid, muscular body.
4. adj. being of a good quality that can be trusted; certain or safe.
  - All the performers showed solid musicianship and technique.
  - Relations between them are based on a solid foundation of friendship and trust.
5. n. a food that is not liquid
  - After the operation, Mrs. Groncki couldn’t eat solids
6. adv. with no openings; full.
  - He has 54 tin boxes, packed solid with baseball cards.

occurrences:
- He is 1.90m but looks even taller because he is pretty solid.

### wit
1. n. the ability to use words in a clever and humorous way.
  - a woman of great intelligence and wit
  - Her conversation sparkled with her own subtle blend of wit and charm.
  - He was known for his dry/ready/sharp wit.
See also
2. a person who is skilled at using words in a clever and humorous way.
  - Sydney Smith, a notable wit, once remarked that he never read a book before he reviewed it because it might prejudice his opinion of it.

relates:
- witticism [ˈwɪtɪˌsɪzəm] n. a remark that is witty (= both intelligent and amusing)

#### witty
adj. using words in an amusing and intelligent way; full of wit.
- a witty remark
- I think she’s one of the wittiest comics on television.

occurrences:
- He has that witty ability to say the right thing at the right time which makes everyone **fall about** laughing

### ammunition
[ˌæmjəˈnɪʃ(ə)n]
ammo [ˈæmoʊ] informal form
1. objects that can be shot from a weapon, such as bullets or bombs.
  - a good supply of ammunition
  - a shortage of ammunition
2. facts that can be used to support an argument:
  - His bad behaviour provided plenty of ammunition for his opponents.
  - The president’s **endorsement** of the crime bill has **deprived** his opponents of ammunition to paint him as soft on crime.

### maneuver
[məˈnʊvər]
US manoeuvre
1. n. a planned and controlled movement of military forces, a planned action that is intended to obtain an advantage.
  - A clever maneuver by the chairman secured a valuable contract for the company.
2. v. to handle and move something carefully or with difficulty.
  - I maneuvered the grocery cart around piles of boxes to the checkout counter.
3. v. to cause someone to act in a particular way.
  - The management tried to maneuver her into resigning

### endorse
[ɪnˈdɔrs]
1. v. to make a public statement of your approval or support for something or someone.
  - The Council is expected to endorse the committee's recommendations.
  - I fully endorse (= agree with) everything the Chairperson has said.
 
2. v. to appear in an advertisement, saying that you use and like a particular product.
  - They paid $2 million to the world champion to endorse their new **aftershave**.

relates:
- n. endorsement

### deprive
v. [dɪˈpraɪv]
to take something, especially something necessary or pleasant, away from someone.
- He claimed that he had been deprived of his freedom/rights.
- You can't function properly when you're deprived of sleep.

### discreet
[dɪˈskrit]
adv. discreetly
careful not to cause embarrassment or attract too much attention, especially by keeping something secret.

- The family made discreet enquiries about his background.
- They are very good assistants, very discreet - they wouldn't go talking to the press.
- She hung the laundry on a line in a discreet corner of the yard.
- There was a discreet knock on the door.

### knack
a skill or an ability to do something easily and well.
- a knack for remembering faces
- She has the knack of making people feel comfortable.
- There's a knack to using this **corkscrew**.

relates:
- have a knack for/of doing something

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase
### not necessarily
(as a response) what has been said or suggested may not be true or unavoidable.
- 'He was lying, of course.'—'Not necessarily.' 
- 'So we're trapped.'—'Not necessarily.'
- Money doesn’t necessarily buy happiness.
- "These cheap glasses will break easily." "Not necessarily."
- "We're going to lose this game." "Not necessarily."

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english
- 衣柜 wardrobe [ˈwɔrdˌroʊb], closet [ˈklɑzət]

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes
- besides, DO NOT ADD "of"
- [pay attention to](https://oneminuteenglish.org/en/pay-attention-to-on/)
- an ugly ...
- a unique ...

## pronounciation
- vowel [ˈvaʊəl]
- asterisk [ˈæstərɪsk]

## notes

## homework
1. The first thing you notice about me is my height. I'm 1.65m but looks even shorter because of my fat belly. The next thing that strikes you about me is my hair, which I don't have much because of bald, and my spiritless eyes.
2. When you first meet me, I may seem shy and serious, but let's say, if you spend a week to know me, you will finally realize you just wasted a week. I'm rather dull and full of negative energy, you can hear me sign, complain and swear all day if you sit by me, not to mention the stink smell of me. I also have a special ability to say the wrong things at the bad time which makes everyone silence, terminates a joyful conversation.
3. Of course, I have my advantages, I know myself, and I also know how people think of me. So I usually stay alone, that way I won't bother anyone. Besides of that, though I'm not sure if people will agree, I would count myself as a kind person.
4. I used to not pay any attention on dressing considering my poor appearing, So I just wear whatever my cousin gave me. But for now, somehow I changed a little, now I tend to wear whatever I like, no matter if they are really suits me from the majority's persperctive. So if you encounter a ugly bald man with shiny coloful clothes on, that could be me. However, I nomally won't appear in places other than my apartment and my workplace, So I assume it won't harm city appearance.
5. As my age grow up, my view of life changed tremendously, Recently, I've been trying to live a life without caring to much of how people think of me, but subconsiously I still do, the thoughts of leave everyone a good impression still effect me in many ways, sometimes I couldn't even realize it.
6. To sum up, I'm a transparent person in the modern society, people wouldn't even notice if I suddenly disappear. I hope this situation won't last till I die.

### homework revised
1. The first thing you notice about me is my height. I'm 1.65m but look even shorter because of my fat belly. The next thing that strikes you about me is my hair, which I don't have much due to balding, and my spiritless eyes.
2. When you first meet me, I may seem shy and serious, but let's say, if you spend a week getting to know me, you will finally realize you had just wasted a week. I'm rather dull and full of negative energy. If you sit by me, you can hear me sigh, complain and swear all day, not to mention the stinky smell of mine. I also have a knack for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, which makes everyone silent, thus terminating a joyful conversation.
3. Of course, I have my advantages. I know myself and I also know what people think of me. So I usually stay alone, that way I won't bother anyone. Besides that, though I'm not sure if people will agree, I would count myself as a kind person.
4. I used to not pay any attention to my style considering my poor appearance, so I just wore whatever my cousin gave me. But now, I somehow changed a little. Now I tend to wear whatever I like, despite what other people might think of it. So if you encounter an ugly bald man with shiny colorful clothes on, that would be me. However, I normally won't appear in places other than my apartment and my workplace, so I guess I can’t harm the city’s appearance.
5. As I got older, I  have found that my outlook on life has changed tremendously. I've been trying to live my life without caring too much about other people’s impression of me, but subconsciously I still do. The pressure of leaving a good impression still affects me in many ways, even though I sometimes fail to notice this. 
6. To sum up, I'm a discreet person in the modern society. People won’t even notice if I suddenly disappear. I hope this isn’t a lifelong situation.

Suggestions for positive attributes:
- open-minded
- respectful towards other people (and their opinions)
- curious 
- determined
- friendly
- considerate 

### diff
before: if you spend a week to know me, you will finally realize you just wasted a week.
after : if you spend a week **getting** to know me, you will finally realize you **had** just wasted a week.

before: I also have a special ability to say the wrong things at the bad time which makes everyone silence, terminates a joyful conversation.
after : I also have a knack for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, which makes everyone silent, thus terminating a joyful conversation.

before: Besides <span style="color:red">~~of~~</span> that, though I'm not sure if people will agree, I would count myself as a kind person.
after : Besides that, though I'm not sure if people will agree, I **would ?** count myself as a kind person.

before: I used to not pay any attention <span style="color:red">~~on~~</span>. dressing considering my poor appearing.
after : I used to not pay any attention **to my style** considering my poor **appearance**.

before: But ~~for~~ now, somehow I changed a little, now I tend to wear whatever I like, no matter if they are really suits me from the majority's persperctive. 
after : But now, I somehow changed a little. Now I tend to wear whatever I like, **despite** what other people might think of it. 

before: So I assume it won't harm city appearance.
after : So I guess I can’t harm the city’s appearance.

before: So if you encounter a ugly bald man with shiny coloful clothes on
after : So if you encounter **an** ugly bald man with shiny colorful clothes on

before: As my age grow up, 
after : As I got older, 

before: my view of life changed tremendously, Recently, 
after : I have found that my outlook on life has changed tremendously. 

before: I've been trying to live a life without caring to much of how people think of me, 
after : I've been trying to **live my life** without caring too much about other people’s impression of me, 

before: the thoughts of leave everyone a good impression still effect me in many ways, 
after : The pressure of **leaving** a good impression still affects me in many ways, 

before: sometimes I ~~couldn't~~ even realize it.
after : sometimes I ~~can't~~ even realize it.
after : even though I sometimes fail to notice this. 

before: To sum up, I'm a transparent person in the modern society, people wouldn't even notice if I suddenly disappear. 
after : To sum up, I'm a discreet person in the modern society. People won’t even notice if I suddenly disappear. 

before: I hope this situation won't last till I die.
after : I hope this isn’t a lifelong situation.
