# 2021-11-01
## vocabulary

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english
- 难度 difficulty level, difficulty

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes
affection vs affect vs effect

## notes
- invade someone's privacy
- to fire off an immediate response ? the first sentence.
- drift away

## article
The concept of parental authority has changed. Today, no parent can take their children's respect for granted: authority has to be earned. Several studies have shown the following problems.
Trust: A lot of young people say their parents read all their emails, and enter their rooms without knocking. All of these actions demonstrate lack of respect. Consequently, these teenagers have little respect for their parents.
Communication: Hardly any teens discuss their problems with their parents. That’s because very few teens feel their parents really listen to them. Instead, most parents tend to fire off an immediate response to their kids' first sentence.
Freedom: Interestingly, most **rebels([ˈreb(ə)l])** come from very **authoritarian([ɔˌθɔrɪˈteriən])** homes where kids have very little freedom. Teens need fewer rules but they have to be clear and unchangeable. Also, if the mother and father don’t agree about discipline, teens have less respect for both parents. They also need a lot of effort and a little freedom to make their own decisions. None of them enjoys just listening to adults.
Role models: Teens don't have much respect for their parents if neither of them actually does things that they expect their children to do. Like everybody, teens appreciate people who practise what they **preach**.
