# 2021-11-23
## vocabulary
### drown
[draʊn]
1. v. to (cause to) die by being unable to breathe underwater.
  - He drowned in a boating accident.
  - Many animals were drowned by the tidal wave.
2. v. to cover or be covered, especially with a liquid.
   - A whole valley was drowned when the river was dammed.
   - disapproving He drowned his food in/with tomato sauce.
3. to have or experience too much of something.
   - drowning in debt/sorrow

occurrences:
- We are literally drowning in news.

### Reuters
['rɔɪtəz]

occurrences:
- Reuters alone puts out 3.5 million news stories a year. And that's just one source.

### distort
[dɪˈstɔrt]
1. to change the shape of something so that it looks strange or unnatural.
  - The map distorted Greenland to appear four times its actual size.
  - a distorting mirror
2. to change something so that it is false or wrong, or no longer means what it was intended to mean.
  - She accused her opponent of distorting the truth.
  - The survey methods can distort reality.
3. to change or affect something, especially in a way that makes it worse.
  - The government is actually distorting markets and **undermining([ˌʌndərˈmaɪn])** competition.
  - There's a danger this could distort his judgment.
4. to make sound produced on electrical equipment sound strange and unpleasant because of changes in the shape of the sound wave.
  - a powerful amplifier capable of producing sound at high volume without distorting it
  - The sound system distorted the vocals.

#### distorted
adj.
- The article presents a distorted view of life in small-town America.

occurrences:
- Unfortunately, the view of the world we get from the media is seriously distorted.

#### distortion
n. 
- Dole charged his opponent with making **deliberate** distortions of his record.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes
