# 2021-11-17
## vocabulary
### curriculum
[kəˈrɪkjələm]
plural: curricula(Br, latin), curriculums(Am)
the subjects studied in a school, college, etc. and what each subject includes.

- Maths is an intrinsic part of the school curriculum.
- The Romans aren't on this year's curriculum.
- She demanded to see the school's curriculum.

### ignorant
[ˈɪɡnərənt]
n. ignorance
having no knowledge or awareness of something or of things in general.
- We were very young, ignorant, unskilled men.
- Many teenagers are surprisingly ignorant about current politics.
- We remained **blissfully(['blɪsfəlɪ])** ignorant of the troubles that lay ahead.
- Ignorant **lout**!

### toxic
[ˈtɑksɪk]
1. poisonous.
- toxic waste/chemicals/**effluent([ˈefluənt])**

2. (informal) very unpleasant or unacceptable. causing you a lot of harm and unhappiness over a long period of time.
- toxic parents
- a toxic relationship

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase
### (every) once in a while
sometimes, but not regularly.

- You meet some really interesting people every once in a while.
- We see each other every once in a while.

relates:
- from time to time
TBD
- time after time
TBD
- time and (time) again
  very often:
  - I’ve told you time and time again to lock both doors before you leave.

## idioms
### have a bone to pick with db
to have cause to disagree or argue with someone

- I've got a bone to pick with you - you've been using my shaver again.
- The teacher had a bone to pick with him because his homework paper was identical with his neighbor's.
- "I have a bone to pick with you." She felt **justified** in bringing up a matter that she had been afraid to discuss before.

## slang

## chinese to english
- 班主任
  - class teacher
  - classroom teacher
  - head teacher
  - form teacher
  - class **adviser**
- 班长 monitor

## vesus
### adviser vs advisor
> There is no difference between adviser and advisor besides spelling, and both are acceptable for someone who gives advice. Some people, though, feel that advisor is more formal. Advisor tends to be used for people having an official position—for example, an advisor to the president.

references:
- [advisor-vs-adviser-who-will-win](https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/advisor-vs-adviser-who-will-win)

## topics

## mistakes

## notes