# 2021-12-06
## vocabulary
### wrong
1. to treat someone in an unfair or unacceptable way.
- He felt he had been wronged, but everyone else blamed him for what happened.

2. To wrong someone is also to judge someone unfairly and express uncertainty about that person’s character.
That reporter wronged her, saying she was an unfit mother.

### extort
[ɪkˈstɔrt]
to get something by force or threats, or with difficulty.

- He had been extorting money from the old lady for years.
- The gang is accused of extorting money from local store owners.
- Police have not so far been able to extort a confession from the people accused of the bombing.

relates:
- n. extortion
  He was found guilty of extortion.

occurrences: 
- You would have had money extorted from you.

### feel wronged
- She felt deeply wronged by his accusations.

### crowdedness
the quality or state of being crowded.
- The crowdedness prediction tool will cover plenty of public transit routes in Google Maps.
- The app can already tell you how heavy traffic is and predict crowdedness for businesses.

### overcrowd
v. to make a place contain too many people or things.

- The new housing development will overcrowd the village.
- Don't overcrowd the fridge or it will not cool as effectively.

#### overcrowded
adj. containing too many people or things.

- overcrowded cities/prisons/schools
- The world market for telecommunications is already overcrowded with businesses.
- The prisons are overcrowded.

#### overcrowding
n. a situation when a place contains too many people or things.

- Investment in the railway network would reduce overcrowding on the roads.
- They are building new classrooms to ease overcrowding.
- Passengers will not accept overcrowding and delays.
- Overcrowding, violence, and abuse are all part of the shocking state of juvenile justice systems.
- The project promises to relieve overcrowding in schools.
- We are trying to build our way out of overcrowding.

## phrasal verb

## collocation
### verb + show
have, hold, organize, put on.
- They are holding a big fashion show at the Hilton tonight. 

reference:
- [collocation of show](https://www.freecollocation.com/search?word=show)
- [hold an animal show](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22hold+an+animal+show%22)
- [put on an animal show](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22put+on+an+animal+show%22)

#### put up a show
If people put up a wall, building, tent, or other structure, they construct it so that it is upright.
- Protesters have been putting up barricades across a number of major intersections.
- He was putting up a new fence at his home. 

referece:
- [put up](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/put-up)

#### put on a show
when people put on a show, exhibition, or service, they perform it or organize it.
- The band are hoping to put on a U.K. show before the end of the year.
- British Airways is putting on an extra flight to London tomorrow.
- We put it on and everybody said 'Oh it's a brilliant production'.

referece:
- [put on](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/put-on)

### verb + exhibition
1. have, hold, host 
  - The museum hosted a big exhibition of her work last year. 
2. arrange, organize, plan 
3. display, mount, present, put on, show, stage 
  - They plan to stage an art exhibition in a nearby town. 
4. launch, open 
  - The mayor will open the exhibition next week. 

reference:
- [collocation of exhibition](https://www.freecollocation.com/search?word=exhibition)
- [hold an exhibition](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22hold+an+exhibition%22)
- [put on an exhibition](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22put+on+an+exhibition%22)

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes
### staff vs crew
- staff - for hotels
- crew - for planes and ships

### tourism, tourist
- tourist city instead of Tourism city

### scenery, scenic
- scenic spot instead of scenery spot

### extort
~~you would by extorted~~ should be You would have had money extorted from you.

## notes
- polish
- feel wronged
- grievance

## homework
### Type of landscape
- deserts
- farmland
- forest(coniferous, deciduous)
- grassland (prairies, savanna, steppes, pampas)
- moorlands
- mountains
- plains
- rain forests
- river valleys
- tundra

### Landscape features
- bays
- beaches(sandy/shingle)
- caves
- cliffs
- estuaries
- fjords
- glaciers
- gorges
- hills
- lagoons
- lakes
- marshes
- mountains
- ponds
- rivers
- springs
- streams
- volcanoes
- waterfalls

### Man-made landmarks
- aqueduct
- bridge
- castle
- cathedral
- church
- lighthouse
- palace
- skyscraper
- stone circle

### Materials
- brick
- concrete
- glass
- metal
- marble
- stone
- wood

### Architectural features
- arches
- columns
- domes
- glass panels
- stained glass windows
- statues
- towers

### original
Beautiful beach, heavenly cool climate, cheap seafood, this is what I think of when I remember the lovely seaside city of Qingdao in east China, and of course the famous QingDao beer as well.\
Qingdao is in an extraordinary location on the Jiaozhou Bay. it is also a **major** naval base since **waning([weɪn])** Qing empire. Historically, Qingdao was occupied by German, and then by Japan. That's why you can find a lot of surviving German, Japan flavored constructions there.\
Since they decided to turn QingDao a Tourism city, naturally, there are lots of things to do there. from what I can remember, I had visited several **Aquariums([əˈkweriəm])**, **naval([ˈneɪv(ə)l])** museums, **maritime([ˈmerəˌtaɪm])** museums there. there are also some famous scenery spot located there, such as Lu Xun Park, Zhongshan Park and Mountain Lao, which is the most famous **Taoist(['taʊɪst])** mountain. After all, if you ask me which was my most liked activity, I would say I would rather hang out on the beach all day.\
Of course, QingDao had its problems, Back to the time I visited Qingdao, There was a notorious scandal which accuses the Xinjiang people who sell Nut cake on the street, it said if you tried to buy cakes from them, you would be extorted. Anyway, I hadn't found out the truth.\
Besides, In my opinion, just like other Chinese tourism cities, they all share the same problems, you can almost smell the smell of Chinese tourism places. to make it concret, they may build artificial scenery spots to attract tourists. Some places may let tourists to feed the animals, or hold some animal shows to please tourists. Furthermore, some of the local people may behave overly hospitable because they want the money in your pocket. Not to mention the crowd in such places. All adds up, it explains why I don't like traveling. After all, no places can cheer me up with annoying people nearby, and with right people, I feel happy in everywhere.

### modified
Beautiful beach, heavenly cool climate, cheap seafood: this is what I think of when I remember the lovely seaside city of Qingdao in East China and, of course, the famous Qingdao beer.
Qingdao is in an extraordinary location on the Jiaozhou Bay. It is also a major naval base since the waning years of the Qing empire. Historically, Qingdao was occupied by the Germans and later on by the Japanese; that’s why you can find numerous surviving German and Japanese style structures there.
Since the Germans and the Japanese decided to turn Qingdao into a tourist city, naturally, there are lots of things to do there. From what I remember (As far as I can remember), I had visited several aquariums, as well as naval and maritime museums there. There are also some famous scenic spots there, such as Lu Xun Park, Zhongshan Park and Mountain Lao, which is the most famous Taoist mountain. After all, if you ask me what my most liked activity was, I would say I’d rather hang out on the beach all day.
Of course, Qingdao has its problems. Back when I visited Qingdao, there was a notorious scandal called Xinjiang nut cake scandal. It was said that if you tried to buy nut cakes from Xinjiang people, you would have had money extorted from you. To this day, I don’t know what the real truth is. 
In my opinion, Qingdao is just like any other tourist city in China; they all share the same problems and characteristics. To put it simply, there might have been artificial scenic spots built to attract tourists. Some places may let tourists feed the animals or put up animal shows to please/entertain tourists. Furthermore, some locals may behave overly hospitable because they want your money, not to mention the crowdedness in such places. To sum up, this is why I don’t like travelling. After all, no place can cheer me up with all the annoying people walking around, but as long as I’m with the right people, I can be happy anywhere. 

### diff
before: Historically, Qingdao was occupied by German, and then by Japan.\
after : Historically, Qingdao was occupied by the Germans and later on by the Japanese;

before: That's why you can find a lot of surviving German, Japan flavored constructions there.\
after : that’s why you can find numerous surviving German and Japanese style structures there.

before: <span style="color: red">~~from what I can remember~~</span>, I had visited several Aquariums, naval museums, maritime museums there.\
after : From what I remember (As far as I can remember), I had visited several aquariums, as well as naval and maritime museums there.

before: there are also some famous <span style="color: red">~~scenery spot~~</span> located there, such as Lu Xun Park, Zhongshan Park and Mountain Lao, which is the most famous **Taoist(['taʊɪst])** mountain.\
after : There are also some famous <span style="color: red">**scenic spots**</span> there, such as Lu Xun Park, Zhongshan Park and Mountain Lao, which is the most famous Taoist mountain.

before: if you ask me which was my most liked activity, I would say I would rather hang out on the beach all day.\
after : if you ask me what my most liked activity was, I would say I’d rather hang out on the beach all day.

before: Back to the time I visited Qingdao, There was a notorious scandal which accuses the Xinjiang people who sell Nut cake on the street,\
after : Back when I visited Qingdao, there was a notorious scandal called Xinjiang nut cake scandal.

before: it said if you tried to buy cakes from them, <span style="color: red">~~you would be extorted~~.</span> Anyway, I hadn't found out the truth.\
after : It was said that if you tried to buy nut cakes from Xinjiang people, <span style="color: red"> you would have had money extorted from you.</span> To this day, I don’t know what the real truth is. 

before: Besides, In my opinion, just like other Chinese ~~tourism cities~~, they all share the same problems,\
after : In my opinion, Qingdao is just like any other **tourist city** in China; they all share the same problems and characteristics.

before: to make it concret, they may build artificial ~~scenery spots~~ to attract tourists.\
after : To put it simply, there might have been artificial **scenic spots** built to attract tourists.

before: Some places may let tourists <span style="color: red">~~to~~</span> feed the animals, or hold some animal shows to please tourists. Furthermore, some of the local people may behave overly hospitable because they want the money in your pocket.\
after : Some places may let tourists feed the animals or <span style="color: red">~~put up animal shows~~</span> to please/entertain tourists. Furthermore, some locals may behave overly hospitable because they want your money
my corrected version : Some places may let tourists feed the animals or <span style="color:red">hold/put on an animal show</span> to please/entertain tourists. Furthermore, some locals may behave overly hospitable because they want your money

before: Not to mention the ~~crowd~~ in such places.\
after : not to mention the **crowdedness** in such places.

before: All adds up, it explains why I don't like traveling.\
after : To sum up, this is why I don’t like travelling.

before: After all, no places can cheer me up with annoying people nearby, and with right people, I feel happy in everywhere.\
after : After all, no place can cheer me up with all the annoying people walking around, but as long as I’m with the right people, I can be happy anywhere. 

### notes
- I think she made a mistake when change "hold some animal shows" into "put up animal shows", she might have meant to change it into "put on animal shows". Anyway, I found some resources suggest we can use "hold" with "show"

references:
- [show](https://www.freecollocation.com/search?word=show)
- [put up](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/put-up)
- [put on](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/put-on)
- [hold an animal show](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22hold+an+animal+show%22)
- [put on an animal show](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22put+on+an+animal+show%22)