# 2021-12-14
## vocabulary
### eradicate
to get rid of something completely or destroy something bad.

- The government claims to be doing all it can to eradicate corruption.
- The disease that once claimed millions of lives has now been eradicated.

occurrences:
- Is the global eradication of COVID-19 possible?
- What will it take to eradicate COVID-19?

### afford
to be able to bear the cost of.

- can't afford to be out of work long
- You can't afford to neglect your health.
- But Mr. Udall recognized that the country could not afford the economic consequences of losing all of the automobile industry's jobs and profits.

occurrences:
- If the pandemic outbreaks during the annual meeting, no one can afford the consequence.

### cultivate
1. to prepare land and grow crops on it, or to grow a particular crop.

- Most of the land there is too poor to cultivate.
- The villagers cultivate mostly maize and beans.

2. to try to develop and improve something.

- She has cultivated an image as a tough negotiator.
- The new prime minister is cultivating relationships with East Asian countries.

### extract
a particular part of a book, poem, etc. that is chosen so that it can be used in a discussion, article, etc.

- They published an extract from his autobiography.
- The newspaper printed extracts from the court documents.
- In addition to its news, sport, and business coverage, the online version of the paper includes extracts from the weekend magazine.

### excerpt
1. n. a short part taken from a speech, book, film, etc.
- An excerpt from her new thriller will appear in this weekend's magazine.

2. to take a small part from a speech, book, film, etc. in order to publish it separately.
- This passage has been excerpted from her latest novel.
- Here I excerpt from a list of recommendations given to me by a former boss.

### plow
BR. plough
[plaʊ]
1. a large farming tool with blades that dig into the earth, or a large, curved blade fixed to the front of a vehicle that moves snow or sand.

2. to dig into the earth with a large farming tool to make the earth ready for planting, or to move snow or sand away from an area with a large, curved blade fixed to the front of a vehicle.
- It rained so much I thought I’d have to plow the crops under.
- I won’t be able to drive to the store until they plow.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms
### be on the tip of one's tongue
If something that you want to say is on the tip of your tongue, you think you know it and that you will be able to remember it very soon.

- Her name is on the tip of my tongue.

## slang

## chinese to english
- If the pandemic outbreaks during the annual meeting, no one can afford the consequence.
- absent-minded, I feel empty
- 激素 hormone
- 人性化？

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes