# 2021-12-20
## vocabulary
### lure
1. n. the quality or power that something or someone has that makes it, him, or her attractive
- the lure of fame/power/money

2. n. A lure is an object used to attract fish or wild animals in order to catch them.

3. v. to persuade someone to do something or go somewhere by offering them something exciting.
- She was lured into the job by the offer of a high salary.
- He had lured his victim to a deserted house.
- Supermarket chains try to lure customers with price discounts.

### skeptic
a person who doubts the truth or value of an idea or belief.

- People say it can cure colds, but I'm a skeptic.
- to convince the skeptics

### coherent
1. having its parts related in an organized and reasonable way.
- The president has not presented a coherent plan for dealing with it.
 
2. Coherent also means expressing yourself clearly.
- I should warn you, she’s not always coherent.

### lucrative
[ˈlukrətɪv]
producing much money or making a large profit.

- The merger proved to be very lucrative for both companies.
- The owner and general manager offered the player a lucrative lifetime contract.
- He gave up a lucrative career as a lawyer to look after his kids.
- The contest for this potentially lucrative market has been intense.
- This business is highly lucrative.

#### lucratively
- She **juggles** motherhood with a lucratively successful career.

### hyprocrite
[ˈhɪpəkrɪt]
someone who says they have particular moral beliefs but behaves in way that shows these are not sincere.

- He's a hypocrite - he's always lecturing other people on the environment but he drives around in a huge car.
- It is said that she deem him a hypocrite , this word spoken out from her mouth is a pretty hurt to the depth of his heart.

## phrasal verb

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms

## slang

## chinese to english
- 华裔 Overseas Chinese, Ethnic Chinese

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes

## homework
- Are we too dependent on computers?
- What are the drawbacks of online dating apps?
- Can smoking be prevented by making tobacco illegal?
- [How to write an argumentative essay | Examples & tips](https://www.scribbr.com/academic-essay/argumentative-essay/)

### Are we too dependent on computers?
Computers has turned our existence upside down in recent two decades, As IoT and AI technologies keep **innovating**, It is not hard to predict that its impact will continue into the next decade. On the other side, some of us may feel that the change is not always in a good way, I have seen people argued, "Computers do speed up our pace to handle everything, our live becomes way more convenient, but it also brings up anxiety, with all the electronic devices I have nowadays, somehow I still feel I am not as happy as the old time." So, are we too dependent on computers?
Today, there is a serious accusation towards computer technieques, which says they cause people lost their jobs. I personally don't treat this as a threat, in fact, I think that is our motivation in the first place, we want free people to do boring jobs. Computers are good at repeating themselves, that's what people hates to do, it's a perfect complementation, so I think that's no harm to drive people to choose jobs which computers are not competent. After all, automobiles once caused coachmen lost their jobs, most of them found a way to survive eventually.
However, from what I've gone through, computers do have some bad effects in terms of our daily life. For instance, with the Internet, families stop gathering on the sofa to watch TV; With the various facinating video games, kids stop going outside and hanging out with their friends. With smart phones, I never get the opportunity to start a conversation with strangers I meet during travelling. When computers enable us to communicate with people all around the world, it also made us has less willing to communicate with people surround us. When my colleague sit next to me keep sending me message via Wechat. I do feel computers has made the world a little bit cold.
In general, from helping people do their jobs' persperctive, I hope we can be more rely on computers in future. And in some other circumstances, undeniably, Some people are abusing computers.