# 2023-03-01
## vocabulary

## phrasal verb
### claw back
If someone claws back some of the money or power they had lost, they get some of it back again.

- They will eventually be able to claw back all or most of the debt.
- In the meantime his generals will want to claw back some of their old influence.

occurrences:
- For phone manufacturers, Android had the advantage that it was open source and available under a permissive license. As a result, they could tinker with it and adapt it to their own hardware with ease. Also, it has a huge community of developers writing apps, mostly in the familiar Java programming language. Even so, the past years have shown that the dominance may not last, and Android’s competitors are eager to claw back some of its market share.

### hold up
to delay someone or something.

- Traffic was held up for several hours by the accident.

occurrences:
- The second major component in any computer is the memory. Ideally, a memory should be extremely fast (faster than executing an instruction so that the CPU is not held up by the memory), abundantly large, and dirt cheap.

### catch on
to become fashionable or popular.

- Though e-books are supposed to be the next big thing in publishing, most people still seem reluctant to read long texts on-screen and e-book reading hardware has failed to catch on in a big way.
- I wonder if the game will ever catch on with young people?
- He invented a type of virtual reality helmet, but it never caught on.
- Online trading has been slow to catch on in this part of the country.

occurrences:
- Microsoft expected that the first version of NT would kill off MS-DOS and all other versions of Windows since it was a vastly superior system, but it fizzled. Only with Windows NT 4.0 did it finally catch on in a big way, especially on corporate networks.

### tie up
occupy someone to the exclusion of any other activity.

- I'm afraid we can't meet till Wednesday - I'm tied up on Monday and Tuesday.
- Mrs Moran is tied up in a meeting at the moment, but I'll ask her to call you later.
- "she would be tied up at the meeting all day"

occurrences:
- When the I/O has completed, the driver puts the data (if any) where they are needed and returns. The operating system then returns control to the caller. This method is called busy waiting and has the disadvantage of tying up the CPU polling the device until it is finished.

## collocation

## phrase

## idioms
### on one's last legs
If you say that something or someone is on their last legs, you mean that the period of time when they were successful or strong is ending.

- We'd been out walking all day and I was on my last legs when we reached the hotel.
- It looks as though her grandfather's on his last legs.
- This relationship is on its last legs.

occurrences:
- By the time the successor to the IBM PC, the IBM PC/AT, came out in 1983 with the Intel 80286 CPU, MS-DOS was firmly entrenched and CP/M was on its last legs. MS-DOS was later widely used on the 80386 and 80486. Although the initial version of MS-DOS was fairly primitive, subsequent versions included more advanced features, including many taken from UNIX. (Microsoft was well aware of UNIX, even selling a microcomputer version of it called XENIX during the company’s early years.)

### the toast of (the town)
Someone who is especially well-liked, regarded, or admired in a certain place.

- The young entrepreneur's new tech innovation has made him the toast of the town in Silicon Valley.
- I hope you enjoy being the toast of London now, because such fame is always fleeting.
- Not so long ago Diana was a little-known actress playing in a provincial theatre - these days she's the toast of New York/the town.

occurrences:
- For some time, Apple and RIM were the toast of the town (although not nearly as dominant as Symbian had been), but it did not take very long for Android, a Linux-based operating system released by Google in 2008, to overtake all its rivals.

## slang

## chinese to english

## vesus

## topics

## mistakes

## notes